https://lasvegassun.com/news/2000/aug/10/obituaries-for-august-10-2000/

Las Vegas Sun

Obituaries for August 10, 2000

Thursday, Aug. 10, 2000 | 10:55 a.m.

Johnie Mae Armstrong

Johnie Mae Armstrong, 76, of Las Vegas died Friday in Las Vegas. She was born Aug. 4, 1924, in Wabaska, Ark. A resident for several years, she was a retired seamstress.

She is survived by five daughters, Lillian Oliver and Katherine Garrett, both of Los Angeles, and Sharon Jackson, Vera Mae Armstrong and Fentress Adams, all of Las Vegas; one son, Toliver B. Armstrong II of Las Vegas; one brother, Frank Allen of Humphrey, Ark.; 36 grandchildren and 33 great-grandchildren.

Visitation will continue until 7 p.m. today in Harrison-Ross Mortuaries, 2071 Las Vegas Blvd. North. Services will be 11 a.m. Friday in Greater St. Paul Church of God in Christ, 911 N. G St. Burial will follow in Palm Memorial Park, Northwest.

Harry Ernest Burisch

Harry Ernest Burisch, 67, of Las Vegas died Sunday in a local hospital. He was born April 11, 1933, in Aurora, Ill. A resident for 27 years, he was a retired air-conditioning service representative and a Korean War Navy veteran.

He is survived by his wife, Doris Ann; one daughter, Deborah Kay Burisch of Las Vegas; two sisters, Eunice Wohrer of San Diego and Fran Burisch of Florida; and two grandchildren.

Affordable Cremation and Burial Service, 2457 N. Decatur Blvd., is handling arrangements.

Geraldine E. Chandler

Geraldine E. Chandler, 47, of Henderson died Monday in a local hospice. She was born Aug. 25, 1952, in San Diego. A resident for seven years, she was an accounting supervisor for a food chain.

She is survived by her husband, Ronald; one daughter, Monica of San Diego; her parents, Forrest and Dorothy DeFrate of Jamul, Calif.; and two brothers, Ron DeFrate and Steven DeFrate, both of Montana.

American Burial and Cremation Services, 310 Foremaster Lane, is handling private arrangements.

Dennis D. Dyer Sr.

Dennis D. Dyer Sr., 71, of Las Vegas died Aug. 1 in a local hospital. A retired Los Angeles Police employee, Army veteran and Westside Credit Union volunteer, he was born Aug. 10, 1928, in St. Croix, Virgin Islands.

He is survived by his wife, Barbara J.; five sons, Ricky Dyer, Dennis Dyer and Durant Dyer, all of Los Angeles, and Dennis D. Dyer Jr. and Alasace Dyer; one daughter, Denise Davidson of La Palma, Calif.; five sisters, Muriel Dyer, Valery Beckmon and Mildred Hyman, all of New York, and Martha Anduze and Evelyn Dyer, both of the Virgin Islands; one brother, Milton Dyer of New York; and two grandchildren.

A memorial service will be 1 p.m. Saturday at Mountaintop Ministries, 3045 Lindell Road. Harrison-Ross Mortuaries, 2071 Las Vegas Blvd. North, is handling arrangements.

Helen Louise Elisarraras

Helen Louise Elisarraras, 64, of Las Vegas died Monday in Las Vegas. She was born Aug. 22, 1935, in California. A resident for 25 years, she was a retired private housekeeper.

She is survived by three daughters, Teresa Jeffries, Phyllis Sanchez and Jessie Lopez; two sons, Theodore Elisarraras and Timothy Elisarraras; three brothers, James Arebalo, Richard Arebalo and Raymond Arebalo; five sisters, Juanita McIntire, Rita Marquez, Genevieve Marquez, Barbara Baez and Pauline Arebalo; 23 grandchildren and four great-grandchildren.

A memorial service was scheduled at 1 p.m. today in Nathan Adelson Hospice, 4141 S. Swenson St. Hites Funeral Services, 438 W. Sunset Road, Henderson, is handling arrangements.

Julia Catherine Erdman

Julia Catherine Erdman, 80, of Las Vegas died Saturday in Las Vegas. She was born July 17, 1920, in New York. A resident for 19 years, she was a seamstress.

Hites Funeral Services, 438 W. Sunset Road, Henderson, is handling private arrangements.

Ronald Leo Grippo

Ronald Leo Grippo, 61, of Las Vegas died Tuesday in a local hospice. He was born Oct. 1, 1938, in New London, Conn. A resident for five years, he was a retired engineer in the aerospace industry.

He is survived by his wife, Corazon Gonzales Grippo; two daughters, Lynne Marie Grippo Graves of Navarre, Fla., and Gwyn Teresa Grippo of San Diego; one son, John David Grippo of San Diego; one sister, Donna Marie Johnson of Barre, Vt.; and three grandchildren.

Visitation is scheduled 5 p.m. until a 7 p.m. vigil today in St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Catholic Church, 1811 Pueblo Vista Drive. Mass will be celebrated 3 p.m. Friday in the church. Palm Mortuary, 7400 W. Cheyenne Ave., is handling arrangements.

The family suggests donations to the Nathan Adelson Hospice, 4141 S. Swenson St., Las Vegas, NV 89119, or St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Catholic Church, 1811 Pueblo Vista Drive, Las Vegas, NV 89128.

Reginald 'Clem' Keaunui

Reginald "Clem" Keaunui, 80, of Las Vegas died Tuesday in Las Vegas. He was born Jan. 28, 1920, in Hauala, Hawaii. A resident for 10 years, he was a civil service supervisor.

He is survived by his wife, Mary; two sons, Reginald Keaunui Jr. of Hawaii and Merton Keaunui of California; two daughters, Pearl Mash of Pennsylvania and Sunsan Nicholson of California; 12 grandchildren and 25 great-grandchildren.

Davis Paradise Valley Funeral Home, 6200 S. Eastern Ave., is handling private arrangements.

Mary Keegan

Mary Keegan, 77, of Boulder City died Monday in a local hospital. She was born Oct. 1, 1922, in Albany, N.Y. A resident for six years, she was a retired schoolteacher.

She is survived by one daughter, Kathleen Keegan of Whippleville, N.Y.; two sons, Kevin Keegan of Boulder City and Sean Keegan of Las Vegas; one grandchild and one great-grandchild.

Visitation is scheduled 90 minutes prior to 3:30 p.m. services Saturday in Palm Mortuary, 800 S. Boulder Highway, Henderson.

Tobie Martin Kibler

Tobie Martin Kibler, 30, of Las Vegas died Sunday in Las Vegas. He was born July 29, 1970, in Washington state. A resident for many years, he was an iron worker.

He is survived by his wife, Rachel M., and his parents, Markwood and Lauana Kibler, all of Washington state.

No local services are scheduled. Burial will be in Washington state. Hites Funeral Services, 438 W. Sunset Road, Henderson, is handling arrangements.

Joseph L. Krochka

Joseph L. Krochka, 80, of Las Vegas died Tuesday in Las Vegas. He was born Oct. 7, 1919, in Pennsylvania. A resident for more than 10 years, he was a bowling alley proprietor, an employee at the Santa Fe race book, a World War II Army veteran who received a Purple Heart and Bronze Star, a member of the Disabled American Veterans, Veterans of Foreign Wars, American Legion and AmVets.

He is survived by his wife, Marjorie L.; one son, Jim Krochka of Walnut Creek, Calif.; three daughters, Judy George of Warren, Ohio, and Vicki Krochka and Nancy Krochka, both of Las Vegas; two brothers, John Krochka of Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio, and Edward Krochka of Sharon, Pa.; one sister, Mary Baron of Sharon; and six grandchildren.

Visitation is scheduled 7-9 p.m. today in Davis Funeral Home, 2127 W. Charleston Blvd. Services will be 9:30 a.m. Friday in St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Catholic Church, 1811 Pueblo Vista Drive. Burial will follow in Southern Nevada Veterans Memorial Cemetery, Boulder City. Davis Funeral Home, 2127 W. Charleston Blvd., is handling arrangements.

Gordon M. Lanphear

Gordon M. Lanphear, 46, of Las Vegas died Saturday in Las Vegas. He was born June 15, 1954, in California. A resident for 10 years, he was a laborer.

He is survived by his mother, Mildred Lanphear, three brothers, Gary Lanphear, David Lanphear and Daniel Lanphear, and two sisters, Jennifer Holein and Judith Lanphear, all of Washington state.

Hites Funeral Services, 438 W. Sunset Road, Henderson, is handling arrangements.

Abraham Miller

Abraham Miller, 69, of Las Vegas died Aug. 3 in a local health care center. He was born March 25, 1931, in Brooklyn, N.Y. A resident for 30 years, he was a Dunes hotel-casino bartender for 28 years.

He is survived by one brother, Irving Miller, and one sister, Gertrude Perez, both of Queens, N.Y.

Palm Mortuary, 1325 N. Main St., handled arrangements.

Betty Morris

Betty Morris, 60, of Las Vegas died Wednesday in a local hospital. She was born July 15, 1940, in Albuquerque, N.M. A resident for 10 years, she was a homemaker.

She is survived by her husband, Terry; two sons, Marvin Lee of Pahrump and James Lee of Maryland; one brother, Mike Tabet of Farmington, N.M.; four grandchildren and two great-grandchildren.

Visitation is scheduled one hour prior to 11 a.m. services Friday in Palm Mortuary, 1325 N. Main St.

The family suggests donations to St. Anne Catholic Church, 1901 S. Maryland Parkway, Las Vegas, NV 89104.

Garret Daniel Onderdonk

Garret Daniel Onderdonk, 80, of Las Vegas died Tuesday in Las Vegas. He was born Oct. 7, 1919, in New York. A resident for 39 years, he was an electrician, a World War II Navy veteran and a member of International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local 357.

He is survived by two daughters, Joan Cooper of Augusta, Ga., and Jeannie Alexander of Aloha, Ore.; five sons, Garret D. Onderdonk III of Austin, Texas, Jimmy Onderdonk of California, Gordon Onderdonk of Portland, Ore., George Onderdonk of Beaverton, Ore., and John Onderdonk of Las Vegas; 19 grandchildren and five great-grandchildren.

Bunkers Mortuary, 925 Las Vegas Blvd. North, is handling private services. Burial will follow in Woodlawn Cemetery.

Zaneda Annette Southern Shaw

Zaneda Annette Southern Shaw, 47, of Las Vegas died Thursday in Las Vegas. She was born June 16, 1953, in Las Vegas. A lifelong resident, she was a cement mason.

She is survived by her longtime friend, Sam Owen, and one son, Darrell Southern, both of Las Vegas; two daughters, Donna Southern of North Las Vegas and Angela Southern of Las Vegas; four sisters, Mildred J. Cowart, Audrey C. Southern, Michelle R. LaVoll and Felicia J. Gaines, two brothers, Curtis L. Crockett and Ricky Southern, and two stepbrothers, Billy Hamilton and Bobby Hamilton, all of Las Vegas; one stepsister, Bennie L. Thomas of Reno; and 14 grandchildren.

Visitation will continue until 7 p.m. today in Bunkers Mortuary, 925 Las Vegas Blvd. North. Services will be 11 a.m. Friday in Greater Evergreen Missionary Baptist Church, 1915 Lexington St. Burial will follow in Eden Vale Memorial Park.

Stanley Herman Skinner

Stanley Herman Skinner, 91, of Las Vegas died Wednesday in Las Vegas. He was born June 13, 1909, in Wisconsin. A resident for one year, he was a real estate broker and a Navy veteran.

He is survived by his wife, Margaret; two sons, Eric of Las Vegas and Richard of Montara, Calif.; and four grandchildren.

Desert Memorial Cremation and Burial Society, 1111 Las Vegas Blvd. North, is handling arrangements.

Diane R. Stanek

Diane R. Stanek, 52, of Henderson died Tuesday in a local hospital. She was born Oct. 5, 1947, in Chicago. A resident for 13 years, she was a department store sales representative.

She is survived by one sister, Beverley Bramlett of Hanover Park, Ill.

Visitation will continue until 8 p.m. today in Palm Mortuary, 800 S. Boulder Highway, Henderson. Services will be 10 a.m. Friday in St. Peter's Catholic Church, 204 S. Boulder Highway, Henderson. Burial will be Friday in Davis Paradise Memorial Gardens.

Theofilo Tadios

Theofilo Tadios, 70, of Las Vegas died Friday in Las Vegas. He was born April 12, 1930. A resident for 14 years, he was retired.

Hites Funeral Services, 438 W. Sunset Road, Henderson, is handling arrangements.

Louise Totman

Louise Totman, 74, of Las Vegas died Wednesday in a local hospital. She was born March 18, 1926, in Ardmore, Okla. A resident for 60 years, she was a homemaker.

She is survived by her husband, Beryl; one daughter, Sherry Tobiasson of Las Vegas; two sisters, Virginia Logan of Las Vegas and Edythe Wright of Fallon; one brother, Henry Lambert of Henderson; and three grandchildren.

Visitation is scheduled 5-7 p.m. Friday in Palm Mortuary, 1325 N. Main St. Additional visitation is scheduled one hour prior to 2 p.m. services Saturday in the Relief Society Room of the LDS Sunrise Stake Center on Kell Lane. Graveside services will follow at 3 p.m. Saturday in Woodlawn Cemetery.

Evelyn Verde

Evelyn Verde, 86, of Henderson died Monday in a local health care center. She was born Dec. 22, 1913, in St. Louis. A resident for 26 years, she was a retired printing operator in the aerospace industry.

She is survived by one brother, Joseph Koerner of Santa Maria, Calif.; and two sisters, Marie Harms of Anaheim, Calif., and Bernice Stueber of St. Louis. Visitation is scheduled one hour prior to 1 p.m. services Saturday in Palm Mortuary, 7600 S. Eastern Ave. Burial will follow in Palm Valley View Memorial Park.

The family suggests donations to St. Thomas More Catholic Church, 130 N. Pecos Road, Henderson, NV 89014.

Albert Eliseo Vigil

Albert Eliseo Vigil, 64, of North Las Vegas died Tuesday in Las Vegas. He was born Aug. 25, 1935, in Espanola, N.M. A resident for 45 years, he was a carpenter for the Clark County School District.

He is survived by his wife, Velma; three sons, Michael Vigil of Pahrump, Robert Vigil of North Las Vegas and Raymond Vigil of Las Vegas; three daughters, Patricia Carter and Pamela Vigil, both of Las Vegas, and Cathy Vigil of Pahrump; two sisters, Ernestine Ruiz of California and Trinnie Herrera of New Mexico; four sisters, Pita Randolph of Florida, Eliria Montoya and Mary Herrera, both of New Mexico, and Lou Hagewood of Las Vegas; and five grandchildren.

Visitation is scheduled 3-7 p.m. Friday with a 6 p.m. service in Davis Paradise Valley Funeral Home, 6200 S. Eastern Ave. Services will be 9 a.m. Saturday in Davis Paradise Valley Funeral Home. Burial will follow in Paradise Memorial Gardens.

archive
