https://www.earthfiles.com/1999/06/14/the-strange-story-of-j-rod-an-ebe/

June 14, 1999 © 2023 by Linda Moulton Howe
The Strange Story of J-Rod, An EBE

© 1999 by Bill Hamilton for Earthfiles.com

June 14, 1999  Pasadena, California ­ When I first heard Bill Uhouse, a retired mechanical engineer from Las Vegas, tell his story of having been involved in reverse engineering alien technology at certain government facilities, I was both amused and bemused. I was amused because he indicated that the big boss of the project was an extraterrestrial biological entity (EBE) that he knew as J-Rod who was supposed to have arrived on earth in 1953. According to another source called BJ discussed further in this article, the “J” and “Rod” were derived from early attempts to establish communication between the extraterrestrial biological entity, EBE, and U. S. scientists privy to EBE contact.

Since the release of the MJ-12 Eisenhower Briefing Document in the early 1980s, the term EBE has come into popular use to designate diminutive, grey-colored humanoids associated with crashed saucers. Another variant spelling is Eben used by physicist Paul Bennewitz and others. Some implied that Ebens also were a class of EBEs with certain distinct physical characteristics and were said to be working with our military scientists and engineers on various projects. According to BJ, no language interface with the EBE existed in 1953, so a series of symbols were shown to test his reactions. Some symbols looked like letters and others were geometric shapes. The first symbol the EBEN pointed to looked like a “J.” The other was an “inertial-bar” that looked like a rod. So, humans called the Eben “J-Rod.”

I was bemused because I wondered why Bill Uhouse was disclosing information concerning a highly classified operation. I was also skeptical that here might be another “insider” with tales about Area 51 and S-4.

 

Kingman, Arizona 1953

Engineer Bill Uhouse claims there was a crash of an Eben aerial craft near Kingman, Arizona in 1953 and that four entities survived. That would have been six years after the more famous Roswell crashes and retrievals of “interplanetary craft of unknown origin.” In Kingman, according to Uhouse, two disabled Ebens and two more that were in good condition were retrieved by U. S.government units specially trained for retrieval missions. The two non-humans in good condition were allowed to re-enter the craft and the disabled entities were taken to an unspecified medical facility.

Uhouse also states that a recovery crew that entered the craft to inspect it came down with a mysterious sickness. The craft was then loaded aboard a trailer and hauled off to the Nevada Test Site north of Las Vegas. Bill Uhouse claims that the events at Kingman eventually resulted in the project which employed him to design and construct a flight simulator that our airmen could use to learn how to fly a saucer.

Bill claims that he met one of the aliens who apparently supervised this project and was known as J-Rod. Bill says he worked both at Los Alamos and Area 51. Bill tells a fascinating story and it would have remained just a story until I read about a document that purported to be a technical paper on tissue samples taken from an EBE known as AQ-J-ROD. BJ says the “AQ” signifies Project Aquarius under the Majestic-12 group created by U. S. President Harry S. Truman in 1947 and assigned to research the crashed disc and non-human bodies that had descended upon the United States in the 1940s.


J-Rod, Technical Adviser, Nevada Test Site

On visits to the flight simulator, Bill Uhouse would occasionally see who acted as a technical adviser to the ultra-secret program that Bill worked on. It was J-Rod, a typical gray-colored EBE, hairless and without facial expressions. He had large, black wrap-around eyes or eye-lenses that are typical of these creatures. He is reported to be 200 years old, suffering from cell deterioration and still located at Papoose S-4, Area 51 in Nevada. But I can’t confirm that. According to Bill Uhouse, the funny thing was how he dressed in human trousers and a loose shirt. His shoes were different, but I don’t know in what way. His four-finger hands were long. See drawing below by Bill Uhouse.
Drawing of J-Rod © by Bill Uhouse.
Drawing of J-Rod © by Bill Uhouse.


When a retired U. S. Air Force Major saw Uhouse’s drawing of J-Rod, he said, “With the exception of the long fingernails and the bulkiness, this looks just like J-Rod. He was thin, but did not have long fingernails.”

(Editorial Note by Earthfiles Reporter and Editor Linda Moulton Howe: In September 1998, a source I interviewed at length who wishes to simply be called “Kewper” told me that he worked for both the CIA and the Army Signal Corps between 1956 and 1960. He was stationed at an Army school that taught encryption in the southeastern United States. His supervisor asked Kewper to join a highly classified CIA group to analyze photographs, drawings, documents and other evidence from around the world related to the presence of a non-human intelligence. Kewper said in August 1958, he, his boss and five other CIA colleagues flew to Nellis AFB, Nevada for a meeting with a USAF Colonel in an area built into the Papoose Mountains near Groom Lake called S-4. There, the group not only saw seven round craft inside a hollowed out area of the Papoose Mountains, but were taken to an office to communicate telepathically with a grey non-human being working in some capacity with the U. S. government. The drawing below is by Kewper of the being he saw in that August 1958 meeting. For more information about Kewper’s story, see Earthfiles.com Radio Archives May 31, 1998 Dreamland and Coast to Coast AM about Kewper, CIA and Area-51.)
Drawing © 1998 by "Kewper," former U. S. Army cryptographer who saw this extraterrestrial biological entity in August 1958 dressed in a human T-shirt at an underground installation inside the Papoose Mountains near Groom Lake called S-4, Area 51, Nellis AFB, Nevada.
Drawing © 1998 by “Kewper,” former U. S. Army cryptographer who saw this extraterrestrial biological entity in August 1958 dressed in a human T-shirt at an underground installation inside the Papoose Mountains near Groom Lake called S-4, Area 51, Nellis AFB, Nevada.

 

BJ, Dr. Dan Burisch and J-Rod Tissue Analyses

I sent a copy of the document I received referencing J-Rod to a contact of mine in Las Vegas known as BJ. She had been working with her friend, Dr. Dan Burisch, on anomalous objects appearing in images of Mars, especially in an area known as the “Inca City.” It seems that Dan had previously worked at the super secret S-4 facility as Dr. Danny Benjamin Crain, a microbiologist who had taken tissue samples from an EBE. He was listed in the document I received as Danny Benjamin Crain, Ph.D. (Captain, United States Navy, N.R.L.) Working Group Leader, Project Aquarius, R-4800, Papoose Site 4.

In BJ’s words, “When confronted with the evidence, Dr. Burisch became highly defensive, but later admitted that he had indeed been involved with tissue experiments of an ‘unknown nature’ which ultimately proved to be samples from an ‘alien’ source. It was also confirmed that the alien source material was obtained from an extraterrestrial biological entity housed deep underneath that base,” in a secure facility that resembled a clean, perfectly round sphere or chamber shaped like a ball. Why? I don’t know.

This revelation triggered a series of problems: our internet and telephone communications were suddenly monitored and suffered interference. The source of this interference was ultimately determined to be Dr. Burisch’s former employers from “up there” who were monitoring everything that Dan said for fear that he would divulge sensitive information. He received threatening and intimidating visits from representatives of his former employers at his home and place of business as a warning to say nothing more on the subject. According to BJ, Dr. Burisch even had his hand broken and eventually his memories altered so he would not remember anything about S-4 and J-Rod.

But a document was leaked from Area-51 bearing a Dr. Dan Crain’s signature and describing in great detail the nature of the experiments that were taking place in the lab facility underneath Area-51 – experiments that Dan would not talk about. This document indicates that Dr. Dan Burisch (who had his name legally changed to Burisch from Crain in the mid 1990s) was the scientist responsible for entering the “clean sphere” and taking over 200 tissue samples from the alien being housed there and for helping to coordinate the scientific research into alien DNA. The contents of this document are chilling. It describes in great detail the types of tissue preparations necessary for the alien tissue propagation and the use of human DNA taken from a cadaver to try to repair a neural failure among the ‘aliens’ which was thought to be genetic. It also discusses the team’s unanimous disapproval of the genetic back-engineering efforts underway (by whose authority?) which could have a ‘cross-breeding intent’ of human and alien to apparently revitalize the alien species.

 

Excerpts from Leaked Area-51 Document Signed by Dr. Dan Crain aka Dr. Dan Burisch

 

    “This document (identified as Q-94-109A) is routed to the appropriate MAGIC-level directorate authorities of the Naval Space Command, pursuant to UNOST (adopted 19 December 1966: enforced 10 October 1967)……the contents of this report are to be regarded as a final report (spec. K-24) of the Principal Investigator, Working Group Leader (R-4800, Occupant Papoose Site 4).

    “The results of IN VITRO experimentation under NSA/NSC directed Project Aquarius (Subintegument Neuronal Aspirative Avulsion Sampling Subsection King-35 {K-24, Extraterrestrial Biological Entity {EBE} also known as ‘AQ-J-Rod’ {JR}) are herein related.”

    The report goes on to state that: “….methodology required the introduction of the Principal Investigator into the Pressurized Clean Sphere, which constituted an I.G.A. – declared “Extraterrestrial Close Encounter (E.C.E.), Class IV.c.”

    Under the section titled “ORDER”, the purpose of the overall study was explained: “Determine, to a scientific certainty, the reasons for in vivo neuronal repair failure, at dendritic terminal ends, from a set of cellular samples, in vitro. Classify such reasons, functionally, to ascertain the mechanisms of such failure, then isolate the most probable pre-existing cellular conditions giving allowance to proper regeneration.” (This seems to indicate that the study was undertaken to try to figure out why the non-human physiology was not repairing itself – at least in the neural tissue – the way it should.)

    The report continues….. [The tissue samples which were taken from the EBE was grown in an agar medium made of] “Equal combinations of pressurized dictostelium-desoxycholate racemic to 10.000/100.000 (%) and glucose-acetate.” This medium produced the highest cellular, fibrilar growth rates. The report went on to say that “Nominal contamination-restriction protocols were followed” and then cited “Cross contamination protocol 6, N.R.L., Document Number Q-93-016B for procedural guidelines.”

 

Brief History of Alleged Eben Visitors

EBE-1 was supposedly taken alive from one of the saucer crashes of 1947 and was housed in captivity in an underground area at Los Alamos Laboratory, New Mexico. EBE-1 died of unknown causes on June 18, 1952.

J-ROD was allegedly retrieved from a crashed disc near Kingman, Arizona and taken to the Nevada Test Site and Area 51, S-4, Groom Lake and the Papoose Mountain engineering bay research and development complex. Some insiders have implied that J-Rod might have been part of EBE-3’s team, but I think he arrived separately after the Kingman, Arizona crash in 1953.

EBE-2 arrived in April 1964 for the first “official” landing and contact. Location was a highly secured Area 17 at White Sands (not Holloman AFB) located just south of the present Shuttle landing site. EBE-2 was described during an interview on March 5th, 1983 with former AFOSI agent at Los Alamos as being 4′ 9″ tall and having a very thin body: He was dressed in a tight fitting jump suit and having only four fingers and no thumb. Interview reportedly took place at Los Alamos National Labs at a Site 30 inside TA49. EBE-2 departed in 1984, according to two alleged CIA memos shown to me by a former Wright-Patterson and Sandia Labs employee. EBE-3 came as an exchange scientist in 1978 along with two aids. One aid was assigned to Groom Lake and the other assigned to Los Alamos Laboratory. EBE-3 was male and the aid at LANL was female. EBE-3 and his aids left in November 1994.

There you have it – a wonderful story, and a provocative document to be added to all the other leaked MJ-12 and Project Aquarius documents. You may allege that this is just a fantastic tale or CIA misinformation (for what purpose?), but the truth is that we don’t know. The separate testimonies and documents need further research and analysis. We also need more individuals who are willing to come forth and give their testimony and have their background authenticated by researchers if we are to expend additional effort pursuing the truth about the extraterrestrial presence If you have any more information about J-Rod and Ebens, please contact Bill Hamilton at: skywatcher22@hotmail.com.

More Information:

Acknowledgements: My thanks to Bill Uhouse, Robert Collins, B.J., and Robert for sharing information about J-Rod and the Ebens. And to Linda Moulton Howe and “Kewper” for the comparison drawing of Kewper’s firsthand encounter in August 1958 at Papoose S-4, Area 51, Nellis AFB.
