Source: https://web.archive.org/web/20021102115745/http://www.skywatch-research.org/message.htm

This message was a response by Dan to another member of the “Projects” and contains plain language about his work, his thoughts, his contact with J-ROD, the extraordinary Doctrine of the Convergent Timeline Paradox, and his beliefs as a person and a scientist. 

This is recorded for posterity for it will be those who inherit the future who will discover the truth or falsity of these statements.

The first information will be Dan's 'non-technical' statement about his work.

Quoted as dictated by Dr. Dan Burisch

______________________________________________________
"Dear Politically Prepared:

This question stirs memories of my best buddy (we will
call him "Mike") and myself when strolling near the
Old Chem Building, it seems not so long ago.  He met
with me, between my having to attend a lecture and
going to another session with a seasoned professor
trying to straighten up my youthful "problems" at that
time with my "melting point unit" technique--but that
would be another story. :)  [I still hold that it was
that particular damned machine's fault! ... :()...]
Mike told me, between my over-eager questions about
the blackops community I was preparing to enter, that
a man of science, in our community, was only as good
as his ability to explain himself: to his God, other
scientists, and the non-science members. Thus far, I
pray I have at least fulfilled the first two in the
list.  I feel comfortable with the first (God), and
given the support of the various National Laboratories
and their quiet assisting scientists, okay with
second. The third seems to be the greatest challenge.

If you have college preparation in political science,
I am hoping that you have had at least some basic
undergraduate preparation in biology.  If not, I fear
that I will not have the time necessary to explain
myself, before I am due to return to the Shady Rest.
If I fail, I apologize in advance.


For so long I accepted the classical mechanisms that
Darwinian and Neo-Darwinian Theory provide (together
with other genetic/population dynamics data), and
extended my science into their accepted belief system:
the one that leaps from microevolutionary changes that
result in speciation, to the dogma of the common
ancestor which links the evolutionary path (albeit
dated) of the earliest bacteria to the human.  I
laughed with my fellow theorists at the Creationist's
"misinterpretation" that inanimate rock gradually
yields life.  I relegated the Creationist belief
system to fanaticism and the Darwinian belief system
as science and truth.

Frankly, my experience in "training" for Project
Aquarius and the J-Rod extraterrestrial biological
entity (EBE) did nothing but enhance those beliefs. As
our future plays itself out (within the conditions I
have read), the genetic divergence which caused the
difference between we (now) and us (the J-Rod species,
later) fit well within the same mechanism posited for
our gradual development from a prehominid to the
modern humans we see today.  The interrelations with
the Neanderthals, and our current body shape also
promoted me along the trail of Darwinism.  This,
together with the psychological nature of the J-Rod (a
future, evolved, logical, and mathematical/scientific
kind), made an easy fit with the dogma of modern
evolutionary biology.  It was all good, and all my
training seemed to match.  Then I became his friend.


My experience with the J-Rod and his willingness to
suffer for his (and our) kind entranced me.  Was his
willingness based on logic and/or the preservation of
favorable characteristics?  Well, it could have been,
and that was my supposition before friendship.  His
current state may have had sequences that drove him to
the notions of altruism. Once the bond was made, I
found that while he was aware that his nerve
degeneration disorder could have a future treatment,
that was not his major concern.  Rather, this logical
being seemed, by virtue of constant statements, to
long to help set straight a series of errors in
judgment and events that culminated in our being
separated from our spiritual nature.  He was searching
for something lost, not being driven by something
gained (a mutation).  I had only really heard about
the so called "Orion Beings".  He only inferred their
existence and called (I presume them) as the
"Brothers", but spoke to me of the catastrophe that
led to his peoples existence, and his "logical"
processing of the need for rejoining because of
"something" missing from his and the "Brother's" DNA;
something not based in the sequences of the
biomolecule...something he called the "joined
resonance".  I soon put 2-and-2 together and looked to
him as one of two future species, in present time
called 'Homo sapiens sapiens', and found humanity to
be greater than the sum of its base pairs.  Could
adaptive radiation and new speciation account for the
future "true" dichotomy, those same natures that we
(now) as humans understand to be both parts of us as a
single species?  Didn't the base pairs and the
preservation of favorable characteristics through
fortuitous gene mutations answer to the differences
between the J-Rods and the "Brothers"?  I asked him.


He replied, (paraphrased as best as I can remember)
'We are here in your present presence asking for
help.'  This statement struck me dumb and made me
numb.  If the answer was completely found in the
material (handled through logical process and with
technology) or completely spiritual (handled by the so
called "higher human self") why not deal with it, my
dear J-Rods or my dear "Brothers", yourselves?  I
reasoned, and he confirmed, that we now possess
something unique together with the necessary
technological achievement level, expressing itself
from the spiritual through the material, and allowing
us to contact a root genesis from whence springs life
on earth.  He confirmed that this "contact" is allowed
only while we are a fused being, with both material
and spiritual natures acting in both complementary and
internally (and intensely I may add) disagreeing ways,
through the "joined resonance".  In an effort to
assist him with his particular neuropathy (as no cure
or treatment then existed) and to possibly gain
insight into the larger scale problem of the
fracturing of humanity, I requested to know what he
knew of the genesis time.


The J-Rod rapidly approached me and grabbed me,
knocking me to the grated flooring of the clean
sphere.  For the next 20-30 minutes (until my fellow
scientists could drag me from the clean sphere--they
didn't have secondary suits ready to immediately
enter...and we are all told before entering of the
possible things that can go wrong!), he flooded my
mind with moving images (like a 3D movie), thoughts
and dulled emotions.  Some of the thoughts appeared
more as metaphors than concretized reality.  He showed
me the process of genesis from the perspective of his
interaction with the "Brothers". [So, I guess you
could say that it is some kind of extraterrestrial
hearsay? :) ]  The images, I later found, were close
to the ancient mandala of creation, the sri yantra.  I
saw a pearlescent lotus flower emerge from a near
spherical crystal matrix, in which resided an object
that looked like the sri yantra.  The sri yantra
collapsed into itself through successive stages that
looked like the platonic solids, and was carried along
like a seed in a river of light to an oscillating drop
of water.  It entered the drop of water.


The drop of water divided into 12 parts by pinching
itself off into 12 separate locations while each
location stayed in contact with the seed.  The seed
divided (or 'budding'?) itself into each of the 12
drops.  I was aware enough to count the parts and see
that each parts' substance coalesced into what
appeared as fully functioning prokaryote and eukaryote
varieties.  I witnessed one of the drops, with rapidly
dividing cells, as it seemed to become covered in a
dark red material.  The material pushed itself away
and a looked into the face of a man.  He felt like he
was there and I could swear I felt him breathe in.
Was this the dawn of humanity?  I struggle with the
potential and am torn in my soul, to this day, with
the possible reality.  I didn't see the destiny of the
other drops, but since that time of experience, my
thoughts have been very fertile!

For a few years I plodded along with the Serial
Endosymbiotic Theory of Eukaryote Origins,

(This is a cute way of saying that the so called
complex cells are composites of simpler cells that
once danced the minuet of "I'll eat you or you'll eat
me"; then almost mystically agreed to remain one
within another giving a competitive edge in survival.)

and then posited a large virus which may have seeded
the garden called earth. (Sound familiar?)  The
totipotent virus would necessarily possess a unique
genetic package sufficient to be the forerunner of all
earth life.  I covered this research, as I was still
engaged with the Maji in other pursuits and had not
informed them of the content of the message from the
J-Rod, within the framework of an endosymbiotic
research project that was originally called "Mission
Genesis", a staged logical next step from an
endosymbiosis project with which I had been involved
for a number of years.

(In that early research I was originally looking for
ways to extend lengths of time for bacterial and algal
samples to remain alive after they had been engulfed
as food by protozoa.  I was also conducting research
into possible chemical signals being exchanged between
the foodstuff and the hungry protozoa.)


During the early stages of Mission Genesis, I began
looking into the data points and resultant statistics
of that very early research project, which had become
known as the FBM Project...or
Fresh-Brackish-Marine...as salinity levels were
employed as one of the variables (oxygen levels
another).  During that project, I found points at
which the hungry protozoa began to behave unusually,
that is "predictably", in their retention period of
either respiring foodstuffs (for example a variety of
bacteria) or phostosynthesizing foodstuffs (for
example algae).  I thought, "My God, have I found some
kind of biochemical or behavioral trace to an original
engulfment, which according to the endosymbiosis
theory ultimately gave rise to mitochondria and
plastids like chloroplasts?"  Looking further into the
data, my team observed clusters of data points in
areas that could be easily mathematically related to
the Golden Mean / Phi Ratio (an important number in
nature), the age of the earth as currently determined
by science, and the incorporation/retention rates of
viral strands in prokaryotic and eukaryotic genomes.


Mission Genesis was then moved forward to confirm the
original FBM results and to further elucidate the data
points.  Further, I determined that it may be good to
test these hungry protozoa in the presence of strata
of differing ages. I placed this subset of the project
in motion just in case variance may be found amongst
the behaviors of the hungry little protozoa, when they
were in the presence of the minerals from rock of
various ages. (Refer the data points relating to the
earth's age!)

Frenchman's Mountain was determined a nice setting
because of the availability of ages that range from
1.7 Billion years (or so) before present to 20 Million
years (or so) before present.  The research was
started at the oldest area, the Vishnu Schist, after
what amounted to a flip of the coin among my team
members.

Soon after research was initiated, and small samples
were being harvested, an unusual event was captured on
video during a test of the rock's electrical
properties.  As electrical current was applied to the
rock, thin heat streams, emanating from that area were
observed on infrared.  At that time, a heat target was
also observed, nearby.  That area was destined to be
the target location for the Staar-Flower Astrophysics
Unit...and the so called "Stargate" area that is
responsive to electromagnetic thumps from the HAARP
unit.  The infrared streams interested me and I
repeated the experiment using a great deal more
electricity.  This test (May 31, 2001) resulted in a
heat liberation I termed a "flare".


Further tests were conducted using varying electrical
pulse levels until the high limit was found that would
be detected on infrared, but not visually.  That level
was employed during microscopic analysis of the rock's
crystals, in the presence of strands of algae.  (This
ultimately led to the discovery of the so called
"ganesh particle".)  At that point, the Maji asked me
'...just what the hell...' I had in mind with all of
this and where did the idea come from?  I seemed too
prepared for the results and was the one that had
requested the massive infrared study be concurrently
conducted during my early tests at the Vishnu Schist.
From their viewpoint I seemed to be working a process
with one stated framework, but really was engaging in
something quite different.  Oops, I was caught! :)

A deal was struck, one that you will readily
understand...quid pro quo, anyone?  In exchange for
knowledge of the "big" interaction with the J-Rod, the
day I saw the images, I would be placed in the
need-to-know about the Doctrine of the Convergent
Timeline Paradox (DCTP), something I was barely
allowed to know about...and only because I had told
them about some of his (J-Rod's) responses to my early
questions.  As I saw images, that day, of what looked
like Inca City, Mars, but in its heyday...I wanted to
know how all this figured together.  The totality of
my knowledge of the DCTP is known information within
this community.  I doubt I could add anything of
interest (save one aspect to come that could possibly
utilize the Lotus to assist the J-Rods and
"Brothers").  The thought that the gods of Sumer and
other places, were the misinterpreted future humanity;
viewed as magical instead of technological, strikes me
deeply.  What could have they been thinking, to tinker
with the pulse of time and alter our genome and
history?

I hope that my giving to you the association between
what is now called Project Lotus and how I came upon
the idea, satisfies that part of your request.


After the deal was struck, the research continued.  I
had long felt and related that should a huge virus
have been the progenitor of life on earth, that its
artifact would be found in the strata as well as
within the living cells.  The aforementioned data also
leaned me in that direction.  The Ganesh Particle,
under the correct electrical impulse levels, were
observed being liberated from the crystalline rock.
It is currently believed that the Ganesh Particle is a
dense collection of electromagnetism or a collection
of electromagnetic waves, containing information, and
floating in a river of less dense electromagnetism.
As each particle (dense collection) passes a nearby
living object, the image of the shape of that object
appears to bend over and onto the particle, giving the
false appearance that the particle is actually such a
prosaic item.  When it nears its destination (the
method of that target determination not yet known), it
hovers above the target cell, then chemically
communicates with it by spraying what appears to be
chemical substances upon the target cell's surface. It
lands and instantly begins a rapid division process
that ultimately results in a bridge of cells that
connect the target cell to a nearby cell.  The cells
of the bridge stop their life sequences at particular
points, offering some kind of frozen library from
whence the target algae cells could be given necessary
information to change and help them. A tube with a
needle-like penetrating end, enters the nucleus of the
target cell and the cell at the other end of the
bridge.  This tube (for purposes of name assignment
called the Shiva Linga) winds all of the way through
the bridge between the two cells (the target cell and
the one on the other end of the bridge).  The tube can
be observed entering the nuclei of all of the bridge
cells between the target cell and the cell at the
other end of the bridge.  After a few minutes, the
bridge detaches and disintegrates.  Biochemistry of
the surrounding medium revealed no traces of the
substance that created the bridge.  It is possible
that the bridges are composed of some kind of
condensed electromagnetism, taking the form of cells.
Damaged cells were exposed to the particles.  The
actions of the Ganesh Particles resulted in both
partial and full restoration of normal cellular
function.  It has been recently determined that Ganesh
Particles will attach to normal cells, use the
penetrating tube to enter the cell's nucleus, but not
form bridges to other cells.  The results of the
communication between the Ganesh Particles and normal
cells remains unknown.  The cells of the crossbridges
are as tenuous and fragile as clouds.


The restorative ability, ascribed to these particles,
is being investigated as a possible treatment for the
J-Rods neuropathy. To date, the Ganesh Particles have
not been used in vivo, in J-Rods.  Theorists are also
working on the possible uses of the Lotus (rock
emission component + Ganesh Particle + cell
interaction component) for everything from ecological
remediation to how its use could reset certain aspects
within the DCTP.  I remain opposed to any application
until much more is known about it.

The origin point of these particles has been
determined.  It's quartz.  That is, the vibrating
quartz crystal.  I am under direct order that "I am
not at liberty to at this time announce the form of
quartz or how the crystal may accomodate the
liberation of Ganesh Particles. That order also holds
for known changes in the genome of the cells targeted
by the Ganesh Particles."  There are implicit
weaponization issues that cannot be broached in this
medium.  Albeit this whole paper will be set for some
kind of classification I am sure! :)  The base pairs,
decoded from a world-wide detection of Ultra Low
Frequency emissions at 1.618033Hz, appear to match
certain base strings found in the target (injured)
cells while they are being repaired through the
actions of the Ganesh Particle created cells of the
bridges. The strings, working in concert with resident
viral components of the genome (what I will call the
"Vishnu" part of the Lotus) appear to set in motion a
rapid cascade of activation and deactivation gene
switches that promote cellular repair.  I am not
allowed to speak more to that issue at this time.  By
the way, if you are from Sweetness or working for, or
in cooperation with that unit, I won't help you
anyway.

In nearly every paper I have authored about the Lotus,
I have given a warning that the Ganesh Particle (what
I believe could be the seed of life) is not to be
toyed with.  Further, that it may play in the higher
scheme (the Tree of Life and the Fruit of the Tree of
Life), found detailed in sacred literature throughout
many cultures.  My warnings have seemingly come true
in a few instances.


Some attempts to use this project in manners that
would immediately lead to an applied technology have
resulted in bad things happening to those doing it.
Reports of angelic beings, described in a manner very
like how the Kerubim allegedly appear, have been
detailed to me.  A noted occurrence at the Shady Rest
resulted in physical injury to certain personnel and
massive property damage.  Other reports, centering
around the Staar-Flower (originally called Star Flower
by me...I guess they like their spelling better!) team
at the Frenchman's Mountain detailed severe physical
and emotional injury to personnel, and the loss of
personnel altogether.  The alleged beings have
red-coal-like eyes, multiple (4) faces, and are
dangerous to those not heeding warnings to give
distance.  It remains unknown whether the Frenchman
beings related to the Lotus or the alleged stargate.
The beings reported having done damage at the Shady
Rest, were described in a way that could lead one to
the belief that they are Kerubim, and such beings
allegedly did directly announce that the Lotus is
related to the Seed and Fruit of the Tree of Life. I
say: be careful!  That's all I can say.  I am trying
to be careful and respectful.

We have enlisted the assistance of a very professional
remote viewer who is attempting to help us clear a
sacred path that doesn't upset those seemingly in
spiritual charge of this phenomenon.  Results of the
remote viewing exercises have assisted us in seeing
the phenomenon from a philosophical, spiritual, and
sacred geometry perspective.  Some may conclude that
such application (even in such an advisory capacity)
isn't doing science.  That's fine with me.  We will
continue to use it and hold its results in the right
frame of reference.  As previously stated by me in
other papers: the Cosmos, Life preceded the tool of
the whim of man, called the scientific method.

In conclusion, I want to thank you for the request,
and say that I hope I have in some measure answered
to it.  I suppose when we arrived at our mutual
destiny, we will know whether this project was of
benefit.  I seek a future not filled with the paranoia
of such projects as the Rain Dancer, and its needless
introduction of an agent to the sum of humanity.  In
that vain and with those things of this project to
which I have just (in the last few hours) been made
privy and am sadly not allowed to say: I see a future
filled with the "Fruit of the Light of Loving-kindness"
and "Healing through Togetherness".

Yours very truly,

Dan Burisch
