https://www.earthfiles.com/2004/05/19/part-1-whistleblower-microbiologist-dan-burisch-interview-on-june-7-2003/

Posted on May 19, 2004 © 2023 by Linda Moulton Howe
Part 1: Whistleblower Microbiologist Dan Burisch Interview on June 7, 2003



    “The ‘gentleman’ (J-Rod) with which I was associated (in S-4/Area 51/Nellis AFB) was approximately 3.5 feet tall. He had a dark brown appearance to his skin. He was in a highly pressurized Clean Sphere. Large head in comparison to its torso… Large bulbous black eyes… When you look into his eyes, you feel like you are going to fall into his eyes forever. I think that had something to do with the telepathic nature of his mental structure. Large arms in length. Four, very sinuous fingers.”

– Danny B Burisch, Ph.D., Microbiologist
Danny B Burisch, Ph. D., Microbiologist, working in Las Vegas, Nevada in 2004. Photograph by BJ.
Danny B Burisch, Ph. D., Microbiologist, working in Las Vegas, Nevada in 2004. Photograph by BJ.
On right, Dan B Burisch, Ph.D., Microbiologist, with Bill Hamilton on left, in front of drawing board in 2002, Las Vegas, Nevada. Photograph © 2002 by Bill Hamilton.
On right, Dan B Burisch, Ph.D., Microbiologist, with Bill Hamilton on left, in front of drawing board in 2002, Las Vegas, Nevada. Photograph © 2002 by Bill Hamilton.


May 19, 2004  Las Vegas, Nevada – Since September 2002, computer analyst and UFO phenomenon investigator, Bill Hamilton, has talked to me about the frustrations of microbiologist Dan Burisch, Ph.D. Dr. Burisch has been working in a U. S. government “black project” for several years, has wanted out and has finally negotiated an agreement to officially retire on June 8, 2004. As a whistleblower, he first approached Bill in 2002 after Dan Burisch learned about the work Bill Hamilton had done with another whistleblower, Bill Uhouse. Both Dr. Burisch and Mr. Uhouse describe working with an entity known as “J-Rod” at Area 51, Nellis AFB, Nevada, and reporting to a select insider group called “Majestic-12.” (Top Secret MAJIC)
"J-Rod" in human shirt, drawn by Bill Uhouse, Engineer, based on his firsthand experience at Area 51, Nellis AFB.
“J-Rod” in human shirt, drawn by Bill Uhouse, Engineer, based on his firsthand experience at Area 51, Nellis AFB.

Dan Burisch was told there was a serious medical problem with the J-Rod and MJ-12 wanted Dr. Burisch to extract tissue from the being’s arm for microscopic study. Dr. Burisch learned that J-Rod had a nerve degeneration disease that caused skeletal and muscle weakness and loss of body heat.
"J-Rod" agitated during extraction of tissue from its arm at beginning of medical research in 1986 by microbiologist Dan Burisch under orders from Majestic-12 superiors. Drawing © 2003 by Dan Burisch, Ph.D.
“J-Rod” agitated during extraction of tissue from its arm at beginning of medical research in 1986 by microbiologist Dan Burisch under orders from Majestic-12 superiors. Drawing © 2003 by Dan Burisch, Ph.D.

Bill was given permission by Dr. Burisch to interview him on-the-record in two videotape recordings about Burisch’s work with the J-Rod entity and Dan’s concern about the future of this planet. The first videotape transcript of September 15, 2002, was released at Earthfiles.com in a 3-part report.

Now here is a second interview with Dan Burisch videotaped on June 7, 2003, in Las Vegas, Nevada. There were five others present with cameras who first submitted questions through Bill Hamilton.
Interview:

June 7, 2003 Transcript of Dan Burisch, Ph.D., Interview
Videotaped in Las Vegas, Nevada

Preliminary comment before formal interview began. Dan Burisch: “As I was saying to Bill (Hamilton) on the way over here, I was ordered to present a copy of my order to meet him at St. Marks Square. That order contains an initial of a Committee member. From what I understand, there is currently a 17/16 split (about whether to disclose the truth about other intelligences interacting with Earth). This is mostly rumor around the (intelligence) community for a public acclimation program having to do with Majestic 12 and the overseeing committee, the old 54/12, which is now called the Committee of the Majority, as far as I’m told.

“The lights are cumbersome. My eyes are nice and red looking through the (micro) scope from last night, so they can’t get much worse.”

Dan B. Burisch, Ph.D., Microbiologist IV, formerly Nevada Test Site/Area 50 Sector 2/ Area 51 Sectors 3 and 4, Las Vegas, Nevada:

BILL HAMILTON: “The first question, Dan, they want to know is where did you work in the mid 1990s and how did you come to be employed there?

Dan Burisch: Well, several locations in the mid-1990s. I had some cover positions here in Las Vegas, which made me look like a good old-fashioned Joe. In fact, I have had some police experience in the late 1980s.

You are probably centering your question around my work for the (U. S.) government. In 1986, I was approached while working as an undergraduate student in a parasitology laboratory, to be exact. I was looking through a microscope at the time. Three gentlemen walked into the laboratory, closed the door behind them. There were two uniforms and a suit that were present. Both of the uniforms I would make as both probably being United States Navy. My memory of that one event is sort of hazy after seeing all those suits and uniforms and what not.We spoke for awhile. They asked if I were interested in seeing the world and the like. I told them that I in fact was. We went through several interview processes, not unlike this (interview where Dan sits in front of people asking questions) and reviewed my background. I went through several background investigations. Finally, starting in the 1990 to 1991 time frame, I was cleared for working Groom ­ well, past Groom to the Papoose Mountain facility – a place that ‘doesn’t exist’ about 90 miles north of here, the ‘nowhere’ place. That’s how I came to work there.

My original assignment was at the Groom Lake facility to review histopathology slides and I went through nearly a year’s testing and then was basically let loose for a year and I heard no contact from them.

After that, I was brought back in and shown some higher grade slides of unknown origin. Following that, I was introduced into a Working Group and subsequently brought into the Papoose Mountain facility, the Site-4 facility. We worked for well over a year on slides of unknown origin.

After I took a minimum leadership position under several of the other biologists who were already present, most of which are now deceased ­ you know the names of those individuals ­ I was then introduced into the Level 4/5 facility and the 4/5 coded for 9, you are aware. (The number 9 is allegedly highly significant to the J-Rod entities.)So, what we did was introduce the new members, myself among them, into the Clean Sphere area and we were eventually shown the subject from which we were examining the slides. The slides were unusual in that they were of pressurized cells and they were reviewed by us on a conveyor (belt) with a completely automatic microscope. We were not touching anything. We gave verbal commands.

At the second instance, we were finally allowed to have a proscan-like touchscreen keyboard that had a separate ergonomic joystick to examine the slides and then to working with the J-Rod itself in the ‘Ambassadorial Suite’ of the ‘Clean Sphere Suite.’

NOW WAS THIS UNDER THE PROJECT AQUARIUS?

Yes. Initially I was assigned as a working member of Project Aquarius. Then finally, I was made an Assistant Working Group Leader. And then mysteriously, after one meeting with the J-Rod, I was asked to take the Working Group Leader position. I didn’t find out why I was picked to be the Working Group Leader position until ­ well, within this last year (2003). I never understood it because Steven (senior) was older than I and senior not only in ability, but in age. I never figured I would be advanced above an individual like that in a ranking with the Working Group. In fact, I never considered myself above him. We worked together. The Q-94 document that you have in your possession was co-authored. My name went on there as the primary investigator because I was the Working Group Leader. But in fact, he and I were both involved in the authoring of that document.

Solar System Bases for J-Rods

COULD YOU EXPLAIN BRIEFLY WHAT YOU WERE BRIEFED ON ABOUT WHO AND/OR WHAT J-ROD WAS?

Initially, I was briefed that J-Rod was an alien, specifically from the (Zeta) Reticuli 1 and 2 (binary) system, specifically from Reticulum 4 (fourth planet from one of the suns). I had no idea of the truth. But it was said from Reticulum 4 now (current time). But I had no idea of the truth about how this came to be.”
Sixteen stars, including our Sun, are all similar class G which could support life. Our sun is at the edge of the group with 82 Eridani, Gliese 86 and Zeta Reticuli (binary) near the central region. The arrows indicate the distance in light years between suns. The numbers in parentheses indicate distance from our sun. Map from Astronomy, December 1974.
Sixteen stars, including our Sun, are all similar class G which could support life. Our sun is at the edge of the group with 82 Eridani, Gliese 86 and Zeta Reticuli (binary) near the central region. The arrows indicate the distance in light years between suns. The numbers in parentheses indicate distance from our sun. Map from Astronomy, December 1974.
Binary star system 39.41 light years from Earth: Zeta Reticuli 1 (G 3/5 V Spectral Type) and Zeta Reticuli 2 (G2 V Spectral Type). Photograph courtesy NASA.
Binary star system 39.41 light years from Earth: Zeta Reticuli 1 (G 3/5 V Spectral Type) and Zeta Reticuli 2 (G2 V Spectral Type). Photograph courtesy NASA.


“As I said to you before, I had never met an ‘alien,’ but I have met an extraterrestrial. I found out subsequent to interactions with the J-Rod. They had personal names. J-Rod simply means ’15.’ That is a ‘basing name’ of where they are located, the number of light years from our location (on Earth). So, they took those names and they are identified through the (Project) Sigma protocols, the linguistic protocols, with a rod symbol ­ which was an inertia symbol ­ and the letter ‘J.’ In fact, that was a combination of Mayan and Egyptian numerology having to do with a rod and a J meaning 5 + 10 = 15.

FIFTEEN LIGHT YEARS AWAY YOU SAID THAT IS THE PLANET, GLEISE 876 c?

Yes, Gleise 876-c is what I’ve been told. Now he (J-Rod) did not specifically tell me the location, but the number 15 was mentioned (distance to sun, Gleise 876).
Gliese 876 is the bright star at the center of the Digitized Sky Survey photograph. Gliese 876 is a dim red dwarf not visible to the human eye with two planets known so far: Gliese 876 b and Gliese 876 c, a gas giant about half the size of Jupiter. Gliese 876 is 15.2 light years from our sun and located in the southeastern part of the Constellation Aquarius.
Gliese 876 is the bright star at the center of the Digitized Sky Survey photograph. Gliese 876 is a dim red dwarf not visible to the human eye with two planets known so far: Gliese 876 b and Gliese 876 c, a gas giant about half the size of Jupiter. Gliese 876 is 15.2 light years from our sun and located in the southeastern part of the Constellation Aquarius.


[Editor’s Note: Fifteen light years from Earth, the star Gliese 876 is smaller than our Sun, only about 1/3 as massive, and too faint to be seen without a telescope. Astronomers have discovered two planets there, Gliese 876 b and Gliese 876 c. Like many recent discoveries, this planets’ detections are not based on direct imaging, but on spectroscopic measurements of the periodic change in motion – or “Doppler wobble” – produced in the parent star as the planets orbit. Gliese 876 c is a gas giant planet with a mass about half that of Jupiter. It is not understood how a gaseous planet could be a base for J-Rods.]

1963 Kingman, Arizona UFO Crash – J-Rod?

HOW DID J-ROD GET HERE? FROM FIFTEEN LIGHT YEARS AWAY?

He crashed in (date remembered as either 1953 or 1963), from what I understand outside of Kingman, Arizona. There was a problem involving his physiology and his biophysiological communication. Something in the craft went wrong and, of course, he (J-Rod) is ill, as we know. The (neuropathy) problems and he crashed.

HOW WAS HE ­ WAS HE TRANSPORTED IMMEDIATELY FROM THAT CRASH SITE TO THE S-4 FACILITY?

That I don’t know.

YOU DON’T KNOW HOW HE CAME TO BE AT THE FACILITY?

I believe he and associates were transferred separately, he originally to the Groom Lake facility and an associate to, I believe, Los Alamos. I have no independent verification of where the associate went, though.

Medical Procedures with J-Rod at S-4 Lab,
Area 51, Nellis AFB, Nevada

YOU INTERACTED WITH J-ROD. WAS THERE A GENERAL PROCEDURE FOR THIS INTERACTION?

Yes, there was a very specific procedure. After we would be brought in with our helper biologists ­ there were control and helper biologists in the gallery and the introduction specialists which was myself on a number of occasions.

We entered the Clean Sphere through a large series of protocols involving pressurization and compartmentalization until finally we were pressurized and fully encapsulated in a TES (totally encapsulated suit) to enter the Clean Sphere. Once we were pressurized and entered into the Clean Sphere ­ I should digress. We had medical evaluation and all of that first. But they ceased doing that after a couple of medical evaluations and were more interested in ‘Let’s just get you in and get the work done.’

I would enter into the Clean Sphere and I was not supposed to communicate with the J-Rod at all. I was not supposed to know his name. The reality is that we were communicating from the time that I entered into the ‘Ambassadorial Suite’ external to the Clean Sphere, talking back and forth freely. I could hear whatever he was projecting at me from thought (telepathy) and he could clearly hear what I was thinking. I say, ‘hear’ and I mean perceive (telepathically).

I was supposed to stand over by a holographic projection system which was run like a teleprompter system over to my right that would be run inside of the Clean Sphere glass, hold my hand up and make certain signs. It became a joke. It really did become a joke. Those folks who were watching from the gallery and running the show thought that I was standing there and mimicking the signs and this was the only communication underway. They perceived on the day of the close approach that J-Rod made to me ­ the grabbing incident ­ they perceived there was communication that occurred. So, I began getting questions quite extensively about whether or not he was in fact communicating with me because he had promised not to and apparently (to stick to the) signaling unit.

Doctrine for Convergent Time Line Paradox (DCTP)

I alluded to the fact that there were conversations underway. But I didn’t talk about what it was until, of course, I was caught in my research protocol forwarding ideas that were somewhat different than what they expected, where they expected my private research was going to go. And this was much later. This is much later and at the time, the deal was brokered to find out about the Doctrine for Convergent Time Line Paradox (DCTP). I told them a little bit about what he showed me (telepathically) and they told me a little bit about the DCIP.

NOW THAT YOU’VE BROUGHT THAT UP WHICH IMPLIES TRAVEL THROUGH TIME AS WELL AS SPACE AND YOU SAID THAT J-ROD WAS RETRIEVED FROM A CRASH NEAR KINGMAN, ARIZONA ­ WAS HE AT THAT TIME (IN 1963) TRAVELING THROUGH SPACE FROM A STAGING AREA OR?

Yes.

HE WASN’T DOING ANY TIME TRAVELING AT THAT POINT?

No, not as far as I’m aware, or as far as he told me.

Physical Features of J-Rod

COULD YOU DESCRIBE J-ROD TO US ­ WHAT HE LOOKED LIKE AND HOW HE BEHAVED?

Yes, the ‘gentleman’ with which I was associated was approximately 3.5 feet tall. He had a dark brown appearance to his skin. He was in a highly pressurized Clean Sphere. He exuded glycoprotein-like material from the pores on his skin, which was associated with the neuropathy that we were studying.

DID THIS HAVE AN ODOR TO IT?

I don’t know. I couldn’t perceive any odors whatsoever. I was inside my (space) suit. I would imagine there would be, but there was nothing that I read that indicated there was an odor. Why? You’ve asked that before. That’s why I’m wondering.

I HEARD ABOUT THIS SECRETION COMING THROUGH THE PORES OF THE SKIN BEFORE AND THERE ARE THOSE WHO HAVE HAD ENCOUNTERS WHO SAY THEY CAN SMELL AN ODOR FROM THE SKIN.

All right. Where were we?

YOU WERE DESCRIBING J-ROD.OK,

3.5 feet. Large head in comparison to its torso, so the ratio of the cranium to the torso area would be larger than what we would call a modern human being. Large bulbous black eyes ­ the whites of the eyes had been selected out, so it looked like one large pupil, basically. When you look into his eyes, you feel like you are going to fall into his eyes forever. I think that had something to do with the telepathic nature of his mental structure. Large arms in length. Four, very sinuous fingers. Nails, not as long as presented in some of the images you showed me in the past, the ones done by Tom Mack, was it?

BILL U-HOUSE.

That’s right, the ‘puppet master’ photos. I’m smiling because ‘puppet master’ leads me to something else.But he (J-Rod) was hunched over most of the time and could not support himself fully, given the muscular atrophy. It had to do with the peripheral neuropathy he was suffering. So, he would grunt and move toward me almost in a flopping fashion. Feet were large in comparison to what our feet would be.

HOW MANY TOES?

Four. He was unclothed, which bothered him. He wanted to wear clothing and was refused at every turn. He called himself ‘captive,’ and justifiably so. His feet were unusual in that he had a very large knob underneath what we would call a heel.His facial features were grotesque in comparison to what he showed me (telepathically) what normal would be. He was…

NORMAL OF HIS TYPE?

Yes. He was bilaterally symmetrical to the extent that the disease process was not changing his facial features. The nose was recessed ­ not a nose like we have, but basically two orifices. An extremely small mouth. A hard palate, no teeth. His musculature was suffering from the problem with the neuropathy.

DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT HIS CHRONOLOGICAL AGE WAS?

Between 240 and 260 years old.

DO THE J-RODS EXCRETE WASTE FROM FOOD?

They (J-Rods) excrete in the manner that we would excrete. Their external genitalia are different than ours. The females have something like a vulva, but they have a clasper situation. The male has a male clasper. The females have female claspers. The end looks like a disk with rectangular solids that are rotated into position for clasping at the anal (?) region. They do have internal fertilization.

Telepathic Holographic Communication

THIS WAS SOMETHING YOU READ? YOU DIDN’T SEE THIS PROCESS DID YOU?

No, this was something he showed me (telepathically) of his wife.

HOW WAS THAT IMAGE PRESENTED TO YOU? DID IT APPEAR…?

I was inside the image. That’s what it felt like.

VIRTUAL REALITY?

Yes. Everything that he showed me ­ this was the incident (when J-Rod grabbed Dan). What he projected into me, it felt like I was there, like sensations were heightened. Quite extraordinary.

WAS A BACKGROUND PERCEIVED? WAS SHE IN A DOMICILE OF SOME SORT?

A grey surrounding ­ very dull, drab surrounding ­ almost like a concrete evacuation center. You know evacuation zones beneath hotels in case of mass casualties or mass disaster where it’s a very clinical environment.

WERE YOU IMPRESSED THAT HE WAS KIND OF DEPRESSED BY HIS SITUATION?

Certainly depressed. If we were to term him (J-Rod) human, I would ­ I’m not a psychologist ­ but I think he would be termed clinically depressed. He wept, but he did not weep on the outside. He wept on the inside when he was with me.

COULD YOU ESTIMATE WHAT HIS LEVEL OF INTELLECT WAS?

Smarter than me. Smarter than me by a long range.

The Rule of Nines

DID HE HAVE A WIDE RANGE OF KNOWLEDGE?

The mathematics that he showed me blew my mind! He showed me concurrently not only the equations for the Rule of Nines, but he also did so diagrammatically and he did so with 3-dimensional where I was watching cubes come together. So if I were not understanding, apparently not understanding the script, I would understand it as a child learns Group Theory in mathematics. A highly evolved, highly intellectual, highly repressed emotionally. When I was with him. I felt great happiness to be with him, but I could feel his great sadness ­ not only because of what he wanted to become (which was) what he knew he was by being present with us. But, what WHERE he was and how he was being treated. (captive)

He is not part of the group that has to be catered to involving the T-9 Treaty that was just signed. He wanted to help. He was willing. But I went in ­ for God’s sake! I took well over ­ well, nearly 300 individualized aspiration samples from his neurological system. He would hold his arm out for me. There was no pain medication. And whenever I would fire the introduction system (into his arm) to remove the sample ­ technically it was an aspirative avulsion system ­ he would cry and then he would just stand there and look at me.

THERE WAS A SUCTION?

Yes, in fact, I would bring the sample after the initial removal from his tissues into the induction system and then approve it and move it from there to one of the helper biologists. Usually it was Robert, outside of the Clean Sphere. Robert would move it from there to be handled by other normal protocols. He (J-Rod) would just stand there and take it.

DO YOU FEEL THE COMMUNICATION THAT HE ESTABLISHED WITH YOU WHEN YOU WERE IN CONTACT WITH HIM, COULD HE EXTEND THAT (TELEPATHIC AND HOLOGRAPHIC) COMMUNICATION OVER ANY DISTANCE?

Sixty feet. Definitely sixty feet from the center of the Clean Sphere to the introduction ramp that goes down into the Ambassadorial Suite. So, at least sixty feet.

YOU DON’T FEEL HE’S HAD ANY COMMUNICATION WITH YOU SINCE THAT TIME?

No.

WAS J-ROD’S TELEPATHIC COMMUNICATION SELECTIVE TO YOU?

The folks who wanted to find out what he was saying to me, they found out after awhile that he was communicating with me because I was smiling. I couldn’t help it. We were actually joking back and forth. But they didn’t have any clue what he was saying, so (the telepathic communication) had to be selective. They certainly would not have pressed me like they did after I woke up from the “big attention” scenario (when J-Rod grabbed Dan). I woke up outside the Clean Sphere and was dragged out of there by Steven. He finally got a secondary suit on and dragged me out of the Clean Sphere. But they had no clue what he (J-Rod) was saying. I’m sure of it. They were extra rough in removing my catheter and all that business after I got out.

As A Whistleblower, What Are You Trying To Accomplish?

EVERYONE IS ASKING WHY ARE YOU TALKING TO US NOW? WHAT IS YOUR INTENTION IN TELLING US ABOUT THIS, YOUR INVOLVEMENT?

It’s multi-focal. There are several reasons. The largest reason is not the most important reason. The largest reason from a personal perspective is to step out from under the Black Ops community and retire. I’m ready. I told you before, I see myself walking along a pond and not being bothered by anybody, except for a bird here or there and taking a sample and taking my time looking at it for fun. For enjoyment.

AND YOU ARE WORRIED ABOUT YOUR HEALTH, RIGHT?

My health is degrading, there’s no doubt about that. The heart disease I have is in fact degrading my health. Time is coming. I don’t know how long that is and that, of course, is within God’s provenance.

SO, YOU WOULD LIKE TO HAVE SOME FREEDOM, TO HAVE SOME TIME OF YOUR OWN TO GO TO WALDEN’S POND, RIGHT?

Yes, and there are other reasons. Without yelling the ‘poor me’ scenario ­ Yes, people have a right to know! Other folks have screamed that ­ some of them real, some of them phony as a $3 bill. Yes, the public has a right to know what is going on. They have a right to know because this is their future. Or maybe not. It depends upon our wisdom, or lack thereof.

This gets me thinking. The one thing that we’ve heard from the Brookings Institution famous study was (revealing extraterrestrials) would cause a great social upheaval. It would destroy our social bonds, our religious bonds.Every time an individual is approached with the issue of would this destroy your faith? ­ I have heard, ‘No, it would strengthen it.’ From a certain perspective, yes. From another perspective, no. The Brookings Institution was correct on a certain level. Suspend disbelief for a moment and walk with the idea that this is real, that the ruins that are present on the moon and Mars, the ancient temples, were in fact, and are in fact, are the gifts of our own progeny (children).

Can you imagine what is going to happen when those temples which were used to pray to the Gods are found out to be nothing more than the creations of mankind. That the men themselves are the ones who were being worshiped?! Mankind will fall headlong into the pool of Narcissus. Maybe that’s a good thing. Maybe that’s a good thing. Maybe we’ll find truth, or of God ­ something other than buildings and stones.

Maybe that’s a good thing. Maybe that’s a good thing. Maybe we’ll find truth, love of God, something other than buildings and stones and marble. Maybe we’ll find out who He really is, or She, or It, or just us.”

Part 2: Whistleblower Microbiologist Dan Burisch Interview on June 7, 2003

“(The J-Rod briefing books) were called ‘King Tuts.’ They were in blue binders and all were labeled with the letter ‘K.’ They (also) had the letters ‘DTIC’ on the front of them.”
(Defense Technical Information Center, DTIC)

“Apparently when they (scientists working for MJ-12) bombard (the stable form of) Element 115 with enough electromagnetism, the stuff repels gravity and it turns into some sort of exotic matter. They spin it fast enough, it opens where they can see through it and that is, from what I understand, the great prize of what is going on in the world right now ­ are those devices (which can be used for time travel).”

– Dan Burisch, Ph.D., Microbiologist
Dan B Burisch, Ph. D., Microbiologist, working in Las Vegas, Nevada in 2004. Photograph by BJ.
Dan B Burisch, Ph. D., Microbiologist, working in Las Vegas, Nevada in 2004. Photograph by BJ.

 

Click here for Part 1

May 23, 2004  Las Vegas, Nevada – On June 7, 2003, Bill Hamilton – then Executive Director of Skywatch International – was given permission by microbiologist Dan Burisch, Ph.D., to interview Dr. Burisch on-the-record as a whistleblower in a videotaped session attended by five other researchers with their own videotape cameras. The subjects were Dan Burisch’s 1994 work with the J-Rod entity at the S-4/5 underground laboratory, Area 51, Nellis AFB, Nevada; the Doctrine for Converging Time Line Paradox (DCTP); and Dan’s concern about the future of this planet. Here is Part 2 of that June 7, 2003, videotaped interview in Las Vegas, reviewed and corrected by Danny B Burisch, Ph.D. (His family says his middle initial has no period. See birth certificate in More Information below) In this section of the interview, questions were asked by Bill Hamilton and the others. The questions are ALL CAPS without specifying specific questioner, except where specifically noted for Bill Hamilton.
Interview:

PART 2 – June 7, 2003 Transcript of Dan Burisch, Ph.D., Interview Videotaped in Las Vegas, Nevada

Preliminary comment before formal interview began.

Dan B Burisch, Ph.D., Microbiologist IV, formerly Nevada Test Site, Area 50 Sector 2, Area 51 Sectors 3 and 4, Las Vegas, Nevada: “We spoke about another person who had a heart condition. I figured it was a Need-To-Know basis above that. I didn’t figure there was direct – the rumors coming at me about the potential for public acclimation ­ that would be for him, those initials (person unnamed), to take back as the hero in this situation because he loves playing hero. You show me a piece of paper that says, ‘Ordered to remain in the capacity’ ­ which means there is a greater loop. I’ve had a chance to speak to the individual one time.

BILL HAMILTON: AND I HAVE A RECORD OF THAT.

I heard there is a transcript involving that which got out. In fact, I was shown it one time from the first meeting where I bolted, the one where you scared the hell out of me! Not as much as you did today (laughter). This is a more relaxed circumstance (here).

(IN DOCUMENTS) I INFER THEIR (MJ-12) USE OF THE WORD ‘BIRD’ REFERS TO EBEs (extraterrestrial biological entities).

Yes.

I INFER THAT THE USE OF THE WORD ‘CLOCK’ REFERS TO THE TIME LINE PARADOX.

Yes, I would buy that.”

 

Part 2 of Interview Begins Here:

“WHAT WAS IT THAT YOU THOUGHT YOU WERE LOOKING AT WHEN YOU LOOKED AT THE SLIDES OF THE J-ROD MATERIAL?

We were looking at extremely minute microglial cells (pathologic sensors in the brain). We knew that they were eukaryotic.”

(Editor’s Note: Eukaryote cells contain specialized organelles and are found in all living plants, animals and fungi. See More Information below.)
Eukaryote cells contain specialized organelles and are found in all living plants, animals and fungi.
Eukaryote cells contain specialized organelles and are found in all living plants, animals and fungi.


(Editor’s Note continued: Another type of cell is the prokaryotes that make up bacteria and other organisms that do not have special organelles. Prokaryotes are believed by some to have preceded eukaryotic cells. But what caused the prokaryote cells to change to the much more complicated eukaryote design is not understood.)

Prokaryote cells are the basis for bacterial and other primordial microorganisms that allegedly came before eukaryote cells.
Prokaryote cells are the basis for bacterial and other primordial microorganisms that allegedly came before eukaryote cells.


Dan Burisch: “However, the J-Rod cells were unusual in the sense that their cytoplasm and their internal organization, the organelle structures, were fused such as lysosome or peroxisome to mitochondria and things like that. We had no idea what we were looking at.

The original contention made by individuals next to me was that we were looking at some type of biological warfare material. They were intermediate (level) with more experience than me involving such matters, so – and being that I was new – I was letting them take the lead.

 

Entering the S-4 and 5 Level Clean Sphere “Home” of the J-Rod

TELL US A LITTLE BIT MORE ABOUT THE PHYSICAL ASPECTS OF PREPARING FOR ENTRY INTO THE CLEAN SPHERE.

Right. Well, we would undergo a medical examination, at least during the early time frame of the introductions of the 1991 to 1992 time frame when we were doing introductions. We had regular systematic medicals by physicians. Following that, we would be suited ­ first, catheterized, plugged and suited. A communication apparatus was placed on our heads. There was a cooling system set up. For all intents and purposes, it was a space suit, a total encapsulated suit ­ something like what you would find in a NASA facility. Not so much something you would see, for instance, at CDC (Centers for Disease Control)- not that type of Level 4 suit. It was more a regular space-type suit with joints. We were suited up, we were pressurized and then walked with our cooling system and our hosing down a ramp into the Ambassadorial Suite (where J-Rod kept). Following that, we were lead up a gantry way which had been moved into position by the Clean Sphere, which had been previously rotated up through an iris through the floor.

He (J-Rod) was held actually below the Ambassadorial Suite level and that was raised up as needed. What they did with him down there, he did not say. And they (bosses) did not tell me. It was not a need-to-know issue. Apparently that’s where they dealt with the cleaning of the Sphere and all that down there. It was regular housed-animal maintenance, as they treated him.

We would be lead up the gantry way. The hoses would be hooked into an interior system inside the doorway that was exterior to the Clean Sphere. And it was called ‘Six Degree System.’

We would be lead in. The door would be closed and we would be pressurized inside of the gantry way. Following that, there was a drug system that was set up. Once there was an equal pressurization between the gantry way and the Clean Sphere, we would then be told to proceed forward. I would raise a hand in acknowledgment. We were not supposed to talk at the time at all because nothing verbal around the specimen, around the J-Rod. Why? (no verbal) I was never told, but we were not supposed to talk around the J-Rod.

I moved the drug system and re-hooked a secondary set of hosing inside the Clean Sphere, checked the pressurization and once that was done, the door to the Clean Sphere would be closed behind me and I would presume that the pressurization remained the same in the gantry way.

Following that I would do my business inside the Clean Sphere involving contact with the J-Rod and removing the samples (from the J-Rod.)

 

J-Rod’s Neuropathy Disease

WHAT WAS THE REASON YOU WERE REMOVING SAMPLES FROM THE J-ROD?

We were removing samples to attempt a treatment, a full diagnosis and treatment for a paraprotein-related monoclonal gammopathy of uncertain significance type disorder which had various attributes to it.”

[ Editor’s Note from 1997 Leukemia Research Fund: The blood normally contains a large number of different proteins called the plasma proteins. One type of protein is called gamma globulin and combines to make antibodies. Normally many different types of gamma globulin are produced to deal with different infections. When most of the protein being produced is one particular form of gamma globulin this is called monoclonal gammopathy. A clone is a population of cells which are all derived from one original cell. In monoclonal gammopathy all of the abnormal protein is identical proving that it came from cells of one clone (monoclonal). If there is no evidence of disease such as myeloma or lymphoma which would explain the presence of a monoclonal gammopathy it is called monoclonal gammopathy of unknown significance (MGUS). The clinical importance of monoclonal gammopathy in patients with no symptoms and no other signs of disease is not yet understood. In about 80% of people with MGUS the level of monoclonal protein is low and the vast majority of these people will remain well and never have symptoms related to MGUS. ]

Dan Burisch: “Among those were a Cockayne type presence to the J-Rod, Cockayne syndrome type presence ­ and certain genetic issues involving chromosome 5 and 17, which lead us to Charcot-Marie-Tooth (CMT). CMT is a hereditary progressive neuromuscular disorder that primarily affects the feet, legs and hands and their glycoprotein problems. Essentially they were losing heat. They were not transmitting energy, something like a dystrophy.
Cockayne syndrome sufferers have multi-systemic disorders due to a defect in the ability of cells to repair DNA that is being transcribed. Photograph by D. Atherton.
Cockayne syndrome sufferers have multi-systemic disorders due to a defect in the ability of cells to repair DNA that is being transcribed. Photograph by D. Atherton.

Because of the problems at their axons, there were difficulties of action potential propagation in Schwann cells and nodes of Ranviere. They were not transmitting energy, something like a dystrophy. When an action potential puts down axon, the action potentials were dying at the synapses. They were also loosing energy because there was a demyelination of the myelin sheath protecting the nerve axon underway. That demylenation process was ­ well, since the Q-94 document was tied to a CMT 1a type problem like Charcot-Marie-Tooth (CMT) called PMP22, which is a protein over 22 which an over-expression of that gene causes a greater demylenation.

We tied that to the demyelination issue involving the promoters for the PMP22. Those two promoters for it were selectively deselected with the use of TFOs or “Triplex Forming” Oligonucleotides. It’s essentially an SSBNA vector expression system that we are using.

[ Editor’s Note about Oligonucleotides: sequence of a few – to many hundreds – of nucleotides, linked with each other. An oligonucleotide thus corresponds to a (very) short DNA single strand. ]

[Editor’s Note from medical text about ssDNA: DNA cloning vectors combine the cloning and expression advantages of DNA plasmid (orcosmid) systems with the sequencing and mutagenesis advantages of single-strand phage systems. The pMEX vectors contain the ColE1 origin of replication and the phage f1 intergenic region. Thus, genes and gene banks can be cloned, sequenced, mutagenized, and expressed in the same vector system.]
Each nerve cell (neuron) within the ganglion sends out a long, microscopically thin extension called an axon. The axon extends to larger body objects such as muscle and teeth. Individual axons combine within several layers of connective tissue myelin sheaths to form larger nerve bundles. These in turn combine to form nerve trunks. In humans when myelin sheaths deteriorate and form plaques, such as in multiple sclerosis, paralysis can occur.
Each nerve cell (neuron) within the ganglion sends out a long, microscopically thin extension called an axon. The axon extends to larger body objects such as muscle and teeth. Individual axons combine within several layers of connective tissue myelin sheaths to form larger nerve bundles. These in turn combine to form nerve trunks. In humans when myelin sheaths deteriorate and form plaques, such as in multiple sclerosis, paralysis can occur.

BILL HAMILTON: “DOESN’T THAT INTERFERE ­ THE DEMYELINATION PROCESS – ISN’T THAT SIMILAR TO CONDITIONS THAT HUMANS SOMETIMES HAVE LIKE MUSCULAR DYSTROPHY AND MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS?

Yes, except that he was not forming plaques. He was simply demyelinating, repairing the demyelinating area with the immune system. They’ve got a cell-mediated immune system just like we have. The cells are different. They’ve got glycoproteins – very strange-looking blood-like material. But that’s why we use the term ‘analog’ so much because it was different.

 

What was S-4 and 5, Area 51 Like?

COULD YOU TELL ABOUT GENERALITIES AROUND THE BUILDING IN WHICH YOU WORKED? WHERE IT WAS AND HOW YOU GOT THERE?

Sure. If you want to experience a Site 4, watch The Andromeda Strain (movie).”

[ Editor’s note with feature film summary: When a small space probe falls to earth in a remote village of New Mexico, all but two of the town’s inhabitants–an infant and an old alcoholic – meet death as their blood turns to powder. After two reconnaissance pilots have also perished, a national state of emergency is declared. The two survivors and the recovered space probe are transported to a mammoth five-story underground laboratory, and a team of scientists swiftly brought to the lab to discover the nature of the deadly organism brought by the space probe. Through exhaustive tests, the team learns that the minute organism, dubbed the ‘Andromeda Strain’ (nearest large galaxy to Milky Way), is alien in nature, and the scientists must quickly find a cure before all of humanity is wiped out. ]

Dan Burisch: “Except at the real S-4, there’s a little more color. Out at Site-4, they’ve got a nice orange stripe on the wall and they’ve got a red and blue stripe on the floor which gives you general directions, depending upon the floor you’re on and you can’t move without getting stopped anyway.

Now we’re talking separate from the Groom facility here. I’m aware of several floors at the Groom Lake facility and finally the majority of the hot stuff was taken over to Site 4. At Site 4, we’re talking four basic levels. The first level ­ they are coded 4-1, 4-2, 4-3, 4-4 and finally where he (J-Rod) was stored, it’s 4-5. That 4-5 designation was painted on the wall for him because 4 and 5 equals 9. That’s in fact why they built nine hangars on the Galileo and Side Kick levels at the 4-1 level. The 4-2 level contained Looking Glass (Project), Alice’s Glass. In fact, outside the door for the major facility, there is a White Rabbit with a clock ­ it’s a very large statue and it’s wired above the doorway.

 

Project Looking Glass (MJ-12) and the Physics of Time Travel

The Looking Glass Project I find out is related to one of the ERPs (Einstein, Rosen, Podolsky, also known as Einstein-Rosen Bridges, ERBs). It uses some kind of ­ and this was found out just in the last two weeks ­ it’s composed of a spherical spinning arc rectangular solid matrix of nickel, cadmium and barium. There is a spinning disk underneath it which is super cooled. Into this is injected into the center of these spinning ­ I’m not a physicist ­ spinning disks is injected an argon gas. Into that is injected some type of repulsion matter ­ gravity repulsion matter. They are obtaining the gravity repulsion matter from the heavy materials that have been obtained from the J-Rods: Element 115 variety material.”

[ Editor’s Note: First referenced by Robert Lazar in 1990 after he worked at S-4 and Area 51 to help figure out the gravity-controlled propulsion system of an alien spacecraft. ]
Photograph of what Robert Lazar referred to as a "scout ship" based on his work at S-4 at Area 51, Nellis AFB, Nevada from December 1989 until March 1990. Photograph © 1970s by Billy Meier and reproduced in UFO...Contact From The Pleiades, Volume I © 1979 by Genesis III Productions, Ltd.
Photograph of what Robert Lazar referred to as a “scout ship” based on his work at S-4 at Area 51, Nellis AFB, Nevada from December 1989 until March 1990. Photograph © 1970s by Billy Meier and reproduced in UFO…Contact From The Pleiades, Volume I © 1979 by Genesis III Productions, Ltd.

Dan Burisch: “Apparently when they bombard (the stable form of) Element 115 with enough electromagnetism, the stuff repels gravity and it turns into some sort of exotic matter. They spin it fast enough, it opens where they can see through it and that is, from what I understand, the great prize of what is going on in the world right now ­ are those devices. Why do you think the British are running around in Iraq right now looking for the climatological records that just happened to disappear out of the Baghdad Museum with the rest of the cylinder seals? I have done a report detailing information about those cylinder seals.

SO, DAN, DOES THAT MEAN WHEN THEY ARE ENGAGING THIS DEVICE IN PROJECT LOOKING GLASS, IS THIS SOMETHING THAT THEY USE ONLY FOR THE TRANSMISSION OF INFORMATION? OR CAN THEY TRANSPORT A MATERIAL OBJECT THROUGH TIME?

You know the answer to that. At least you have probably heard some rumor. There have been mistakes. There were mistakes. Animals were attempted to transport from one location to another in the production of two of the devices and they put them in resonance or something like that. I’m not a physicist. I don’t know. But I was in fact present during a human account. The human did not survive. The human was not put in there under duress of any sort. It was a volunteer situation and the human did not survive. The human did not move. The human stayed where the human was put. But the human changed and – I don’t want to talk about it anymore.

IT WAS AN ATTEMPT AT TIME TRAVEL?

In essence, yes. It was a linear, an attempt to transport an individual over a linear distance which I understand is the same thing as time travel. Distance is time. From what I understand, they have only used it for information purposes. How they get the information out of it, I have no clue. I don’t know. What specific information, they’ve obtained? I only know of one piece of information and that is why the rush is underway to get LOTUS done by the 2005 (T-9 Treaty) deadline. In fact, this group of J-Rods that are not complying with the wishes of the Committee and the wishes of the rest of the J-Rods and associated brothers ­ (there is an effort) to put a clamp on them so they stop their influence within the political structures of our government, including the financial structures. It is in fact they who are slowing down the progress to stop picking up these little (Einstein Rosen ) gates that were put together and would be our downfall in 2012.

 
Wormhole illustration on Page 483, Black Holes & Time Warps © 1994 by Kip S. Thorne.
Wormhole illustration on Page 483, Black Holes & Time Warps © 1994 by Kip S. Thorne.

DAN, WHAT DO YOU WANT YOURSELF?

What can be done for me? I would be very happy and relieved to feel as though I was responding to the elected government of the United States of America with what talents God has given me. I am responsible to the people of the United States of America. The nature of the information to which I am privy is sensitive enough that the full disclosure of that information would have to be done in an appropriate location and under appropriate circumstances. Certain military application information would have to be done in a closed session for the national security.

As I said to you at the Luxor (Hotel in Las Vegas), the Congress knows it is NOT in control. They know this is a wild train out of control and they want that control back. They are not stupid. They know there are things going on down the hall from them that they can’t fathom. They deserve to have that back in their hands because that’s what they were elected to do. And if we care at all about what’s left of our Constitution, they deserve to have that in their hands. Are we the masters of our destiny in our country? Aren’t we supposed to be? Yes, we’re supposed to be.

 

Dan Burisch’s First Encounter with the J-Rod at S-4 and 5

CAN YOU DESCRIBE IN DETAIL WHAT IT IS LIKE WHEN YOU SAW THE J-ROD FOR THE FIRST TIME (IN THE CLEAN SPHERE)?

My original feeling was that I was looking at a giant insect. That’s the best I can do just off the cuff. It looked like a giant insect, being dark brown and hunched over in the corner, very insectoid in appearance. It almost looked like it had an exoskeleton. I felt afraid inside because I was always told that monsters weren’t real. And now I find out that they are, but they live in the hearts of men. It was fear, excitement, complete astonishment. Honestly, (before other knowledge), I thought we were dealing with some kind of monkey, something like an Old World ape. But indeed it wasn’t. But that’s what my feeling was (scared). I’m not going to try to talk about how intellectual I was at the time about it. It scared the hell out of me!

WHEN DID YOU FIRST ACCEPT THE IDEA THAT THIS WAS A NON-HUMAN BEING, EXTRATERRESTRIAL, SOMETHING OUT OF THIS WORLD?

I’m trying to remember what I was feeling when I was looking at the briefing books because even when I was first introduced to the J-Rod, they were hem hawing around as to its origin. His origin. (I thought), ‘Poppycock!’ I did not believe it. However, deep inside I held open a possibility because of what happened to me earlier in my life. I held open the possibility that such things could be true. But it could not happen to me, that old, ‘It can’t happen to you,’ feeling. So, to me it was poppycock, rubbish until I found out otherwise.

 

DTIC and “King Tut” Briefing Books About J-Rods

CAN YOU TALK ABOUT THE BRIEFING BOOKS?

Sure, (The J-Rod briefing books) were called ‘King Tuts.’ They were in blue binders and all were labeled with the letter ‘K.’ They (also) had the letters ‘DTIC” on the front of them. (On June 7, 2003) I still don’t know what those letters stand for. That was 1987, the end of 1987, and I still don’t know what the letters stand for. I haven’t done independent searches. Can you tell me what DTIC means?

BILL HAMILTON:  I DON’T KNOW.”

[ Editor’s Note: Later Bill Hamilton learned DTIC stands for Defense Technical Information Center. The Defense Technical Information Center, DTIC, is the central facility for the collection and dissemination of scientific and technical information for the Department of Defense (DoD). As an element of the Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA), DTIC serves as a vital link in the transfer of information among DoD personnel, DoD contractors and potential contractors and other U.S. Government agency personnel and their contractors. ]

Dan Burisch: “Shocks me that you don’t know either. They had a white-colored DTIC printed on the front of them (blue binders). They were marked with several sections, including physiology, general biology, social structure, political structure of the J-Rods, their origins, potential implications for interactions with humankind, cross-contamination issues. They were full of as much information as I could take in during the times they were allowing me to read them. I still don’t know what that damned DTIC means.

They were called ‘King Tuts.’ They were update books. This is another reason why I didn’t figure ­ how Steven ­ how I could be promoted to a Working Group Leader above Steven. But I found out and I told you why.

RIGHT.

At the time, I couldn’t figure it out because he (Steven) kept the updates. He made sure that all of the King Tuts were updated. He did the briefing films that are still resident at Site-4, or at least were on my last visit. So, the man of that importance, I could not figure out why (I would be promoted above him.) But again, that’s mute now.

WHAT DID THE DOCUMENTS SAY ABOUT THE J-RODS?

Close-knit, very well ordered society, one which is numerologically based, one which speaks to others that were called ‘Brothers.’ I now find out they are those who left on a spiritual path to another location to the famed Duwat (heavenly domain) of Orion and the Epsilon Eridani area.
Astronomy photograph of the Orion's Belt stars in lower left and the star Epsilon Eridani in the upper right © James B. Kaler, Prof. Emeritus, University of Illinois-Urbana-Champagne (UIUC), from Stars, Planet Project, and Epsilon Eridani.
Astronomy photograph of the Orion’s Belt stars in lower left and the star Epsilon Eridani in the upper right © James B. Kaler, Prof. Emeritus, University of Illinois-Urbana-Champagne (UIUC), from Stars, Planet Project, and Epsilon Eridani.

Head to toe physiology, including real autopsy photographs ­ not the Santilli kind, but the real autopsy photographs. He can’t sue me for that, I hope. But they (Santilli) were disgusting.

The Brookings Institution paper was present, as well as several position papers clarifying the Brookings Institute. However, each of these I was allowed into ­ they had separate folders and separate clips within them inside the 3-ring binders. I was told which numbers I was allowed to open up. They were given to me on a card and those were the ones I was allowed to review during the times I was allowed to review them. Most of the stuff ranged from military applications, physics of the craft ­ I could not have cared less (about the technology).

I was more interested in taking in the biology issues. (The craft technology) just doesn’t interest me, aside from the fact that I am interested in the biophysical interface between the hand, mind and craft. The beings have on their hands a number of pads. There are open nerves which are protected by various glycoproteins and those glycoproteins are selectively pushed forward or sucked backwards via capillary action. Or they can be through an active fashion pulled back and it kind of pulls a viscous sheath back and allows the J-Rod to have direct interface with the craft. That interested me, although most of it at the time and still some of it now, I have no understanding of. A lot of it has to do with electronics and I don’t pretend to understand.

I was most interested in looking at issues involving their histology, histo-pathology issues, including some autopsy photographs that showed disease processes which were naturally occurring within them. Isolations of viral material to include new protocols which were being written as they were being worked, which is what we are doing. That’s what we are doing, writing new protocols as we are working forward. All of the old standbys are there: everything from electrofluoresis to anything. But we are writing new protocols as we are going because this is not new territory. This is, pardon the pun, alien territory.

HOW MANY BEINGS HAVE WE (U. S. GOVERNMENT) HAD TO WORK WITH?

I only met one. I am aware of possibly three from the reading. And at that time, I was so stunned by what I was doing, a lot of it was getting by me. When I read the word ‘extraterrestrial,” I tunnel-visioned. When I finally believed and understood that it was in fact an extraterrestrial ­ (I was) numb, numb.”

Continued in Part 3.
More Information:

Cockayne Syndrome

Cockayne syndrome is a rare inherited disorder in which people are sensitive to sunlight, have short stature, and have the appearance of premature aging. In the classical form of Cockayne syndrome (Type I), the symptoms are progressive and typically become apparent after the age of 1 year. An early onset or congenital form of Cockayne syndrome (Type II) is apparent at birth. Interestingly, unlike other DNA repair diseases, Cockayne syndrome is not linked to cancer.

After exposure to UV radiation (found in sunlight), people with Cockayne syndrome can no longer perform a certain type of DNA repair, known as “transcription-coupled repair.” This type of DNA repair occurs “on the fly” right as the DNA that codes for proteins is being replicated. Two genes defective in Cockayne syndrome, CSA and CSB, have been identified so far. The CSA gene is found on chromosome 5. Both genes code for proteins that interacts with components of the transcriptional machinery and with DNA repair proteins.

Escherichia coli, a bacterium, also undergoes transcription-coupled repair, and a yeast counterpart of the CSB gene has also recently been discovered. These similar mechanisms to the one found in humans are invaluable for studying the molecular processes involved in transcription-coupled repair because powerful molecular genetics techniques can be used. A better understanding of the mechanisms involved will help unravel the pathogenesis of disease and may identify potential drug targets.

 

Charcot-Marie-Tooth

Charcot-Marie-Tooth is a hereditary progressive nerve disorder. The most common forms of CMT disease cause demyelination of the myelin sheath protecting the nerve axon of the peroneal nerve. CMT type 2, the neuronal form of the disease, affects the nerve axon. The nerve deteriorates causes wasting of muscles, loss of sensation, and claw foot. The severity of the disease ranges from unnoticeable even by the individual affected, to wheelchair bound. The amount of deterioration varies substantially, even within a single family. CMT is not a single disease, but a collection of diseases caused by defects in different genes.

CMT can be inherited in a number of different patterns: autosomal dominant, autosomal recessive or X linked. The dominant form is the most common.

CMT is referred to as Charcot-Marie disease and Peroneal Muscular Atrophy. And CMT is included in the more general term Hereditary Motor and Sensory Neuropathy (HMSN) (see the MD Australia Fact Sheet for more discussion). One name is not used consistently everywhere even today. In addition, the forms of the disease that are included in the definition of CMT, has changed over the years. New forms were identified in 1994 (refer to the genome database on-line).

 

Black Holes and Einstein Rosen Bridges

In 1963, the New Zealand mathematician, Roy Kerr, found that if a black hole is rotating a singularity still forms, but in the form of a ring, not a point. It was believed that in principle a particle may be able to fall towards the singularity but if at some point it moved through the hole instead of the ring the particle may not be lost forever. When this was published black holes were not believed to exist and therefore the Kerr solution only really developed in the 1970s, after astronomers discovered what seem to be real black holes.

Unfortunately, more modern work published in late August 1998 by Piran and Shahar Hod has seemingly ended this idea. They used complex computer simulations to study how an electrically charged black hole might form and how the singularity would behave. It was the first time that a single computer program has simulated these two processes at once.

They showed that a process known as “mass inflation” violated the Kerr hypothesis. When a particle moves towards the black hole, the apparent mass of the hole increases to infinity as observed by the object. (Physical Review Letters, vol 81, p 1554). “This singularity goes through the entire system,” says Piran. “It doesn’t leave any hole through which matter may pass.”

New Scientist, September 5, 1998: “The use of black holes as objects that may aid interstellar travel was to be included in a novel called Contact. While writing the novel in 1985, Carl Sagan turned to for advice to Kip Thorne, at CalTech. Sagan wanted a method of moving a character faster than light, though not in a manner violating the Theory of Relativity. Thorne set two of his PhD students, Michael Morris and Ulvi Yurtsever, the task of working out some details of the physical behaviour of ‘wormholes.’ This story often appears to attribute the discovery of wormholes to Thorne or Sagan.

“In fact, they were investigated almost as soon as Einstein published General Relativity, far before black holes were established to exist. As early as 1916, less than a year after Einstein had formulated his equations of the general theory, Austrian Ludwig Flamm had realized that Schwarzschild’s solution to Einstein’s equations actually describes a wormhole connecting two regions of flat spacetime; two universes, or two parts of the same universe.”

Part 3: Whistleblower Microbiologist Dan Burisch Interview on June 7, 2003



    “The biggest problem is to make sure that there are no human-created ERB (Einstein-Rosen Bridge) machines (“Star Gate” time machines). It sounds science fiction, I know, and it’s hokey-sounding, OK? But we need to make sure there are none of those in existence which can automatically turn on when the next age begins on December 21, 2012. We are apparently going to cross over the plane of the galaxy in which there is a dense network of wormholes. There is supposed to be some sort of enlightenment. Whether or not that’s the Christ event or whether that’s a burp on a Sunday morning, I don’t know what that’s going to be.”

-Danny B Burisch, Ph.D., Microbiologist
Dan B Burisch, Ph. D., Microbiologist, working in Las Vegas, Nevada in 2004. Photograph by BJ.
Dan B Burisch, Ph. D., Microbiologist, working in Las Vegas, Nevada in 2004. Photograph by BJ.


Click here for Part 1

May 23, 2004  Las Vegas, Nevada – On June 7, 2003, Bill Hamilton – then Executive Director of Skywatch International – was given permission by microbiologist Dan Burisch, Ph.D., to interview Dr. Burisch on-the-record as a whistleblower in a videotaped session attended by five other researchers with their own videotape cameras. The subjects were Dan Burisch’s 1994 work with the J-Rod entity at the S-4/5 underground laboratory, Area 51, Nellis AFB, Nevada; the Doctrine for Converging Time Line Paradox (DCTP); and Dan’s concern about the future of this planet.Here is Part 3 of that June 7, 2003, videotaped interview in Las Vegas, reviewed and corrected by Danny B Burisch, Ph.D. (His family says his middle initial has no period. See birth certificate in More Information below) In this section of the interview, questions were asked by Bill Hamilton and the others. The questions are ALL CAPS without specifying specific questioner, except where specifically noted for Bill Hamilton.

Interview, Part 3:

Telepathic Communication with J-Rods

I WOULD LIKE TO ASK YOU A QUESTION ABOUT TELEPATHIC COMMUNICATION AND THE NATURE OF IT. WHAT IS IT ACTUALLY LIKE WHEN YOU COMMUNICATE WITH ONE OF THESE BEINGS TELEPATHICALLY?

I could hear my voice and it was like you hear yourself think. I could hear my voice (inside my head). However, the cadence, the affect, was something that distinguished it (as something) other than me. It was no great booming voice from the heavens or anything like that. And I’m glad I do not have a proclivity to hear voice in my head, and I have heard none since! (laughs)

I could tell it was somebody other than me and I could tell because I felt drawn towards the subject (entity) that was sending the communication. When the J-Rod spoke with me prior to the bombardment of images, it was something that was part of me, but not part of me. I actually felt non-resident for a moment (out of my body). It was almost an OBE (out of body) type feeling and then I could feel myself pull back and experience the sound (inside my head). It was physical! It was more real than touching an object. That’s the only real time that I ever felt anything more physical than physical.

WAS THERE ANY CONVEYANCE OF EMOTION?

100% emotion. If he was upset, I could feel his pain. It got to the point where as I was doing the needle introductions, I could feel what he was feeling. So as I would inject the needle under the integument (arm muscle) and find my proper location prior to removing the sample, I could feel the needle entering him. So, I could feel his feelings.

Robert Lazar and S-4 and Area 51
Robert Lazar had a U. S. Naval Intelligence tax form for the year 1989, the year that Bob said he traveled four times to S-4 Area 51 as a subcontracted engineer to examine the propulsion apparatus of a disk-shaped vehicle identified as non-terrestrial. Photograph 1989 courtesy Robert Lazar.
Robert Lazar had a U. S. Naval Intelligence tax form for the year 1989, the year that Bob said he traveled four times to S-4 Area 51 as a subcontracted engineer to examine the propulsion apparatus of a disk-shaped vehicle identified as non-terrestrial. Photograph 1989 courtesy Robert Lazar.

WERE YOU AWARE OF BOB LAZAR ANY TIME YOU WERE THERE?

I saw a guy out on the tarmac outside of the Galileo and 4-1 area who was barefoot. He was just standing and staring off into the distance. This was as we were coming in from a helicopter. They keep you within a very confined walking area. This was before they started taking the buses, we were choppered in. When I saw him subsequent to that when he did the famous (Las Vegas Channel 8 TV reporter George) Knapp videos, it could have been him. This was early on. This was ­ I can’t prove it. I couldn’t positively identify him. I am aware of his name being mentioned out there and it was associated with the term, ‘bottle washer,’ which means an engineer ­ but not a Working Group Leader or anything of the kind. They would have said a ‘director’ or a ‘geek.’ I was called a geek. His name was mentioned. I heard the name ‘Lazar.’ I did not hear Bob. I heard Lazar and it was not ‘laser.’ It was ‘luh-ZAHR.’ But I never had any interaction with him or anyone else from Galileo, Side Kick or radionics.

Medical Treatment for J-Rods?

HOW SUCCESSFUL WERE YOU IN ASSISTING THE J-ROD MEDICALLY?

Temporary assistance, temporary relief of pain. Temporary meaning for weeks. Temporary adjustment of muscle tone and then flat out nothing. He got worse. The exacerbation got out of control. Since then, there have been ­ and I’m not certain if he’s still resident there or not now. There has been a progress ­ let’s say progress ­ involving what I was yammering about earlier concerning the Charcot-Marie-Tooth (CMT).

Their (J-Rods) DNA is triplets. And it’s not triplets in the way you would think of a number 3 helix wrapping around a major group of Watson-Crick double helix DNA. Their DNA is triplets to the extent that there are what we nickname ‘hangars.’ They look like they are rosettes. Their DNA looks like rosettes. They are triplets in that they are a super-coiled DNA situation. We had difficulty even doing anything, let anything like a single step marker or anything like that. We had difficulty even sequencing the DNA.

Homo sapiens sapiens Is Result of J-Rod Manipulation
of Genes in Already-Evolving Primates on Earth

Our long intersperced nuclear elements in our genes that have been shut off that when combined with the appropriate Hoogstein base pairs produce a different being, what we were before they made a mistake, a grave mistake. (Editor’s Note: Hoogstein base pairs were the first base pairs observed in X-ray crystallography experiments and not the Watson and Crick base pairs.)

DID THEY MENTION ANY EXCHANGES (BETWEEN J-RODS AND HUMANS)?

There have been exchanges going on since ­ well, they spoke with us in 1941.

Connection with Fatal Prion Disease?

WHAT WAS THE NATURE OF THE EXCHANGE?

They wish to find a resolution to the broken resonance between ‘they’ and the other half of ‘they’ ­ the so-called ‘Orions’ and ‘Zeta Reticulans.’ They also wish ­ for fear of extinction ­ to have a relief of the paraprotein-related problem. Speaking about that just for a moment, we found out that some of the disease process under which they are (trying to survive) is a PNA ­ it’s a peptide nucleic acid, which is a protein-associated background nucleic acid. That protein associated background is a prion. (Destructive prion disease?) That leads to one of the things they wanted me to do at Sweetness. They are dangerous, were dangerous.

“T-9 Treaty” and Trying to Prevent Catastrophe in 2012

But the exchange process is to solve the problem to prevent what went wrong in 2012. And the rogue group of the J-Rods are not cooperating with that. But a deal has been brokered for the T-9 Treaty to be held in abeyance until 2005 (March 15, 2005) When that treaty is up in 2005, once they have received what they’ve asked for ­ and they should be receiving a little more. I’ve already mentioned some of that material that they are not aware of yet. DNA material and some of the things we can do with the nucleotides that could possibly help with the problems. But once that’s up, they are supposed to come under the auspices of the general agreement between the Committee of the Majority and the respective societies (of J-rods and Brothers). If so, nothing will get turned on (star gates on Earth) except what Nature and God are providing us in 2012 and we will separate.

However, they (J-Rods and Brothers) will remain as they are ­ their future selves as well ­ they will remain as they are and we will remain as we are (Homo sapiens sapiens). We can’t go back. That’s just something that’s impossible, what they’ve been told ­ the Looking Glass people and the people who are overseeing STAAR FLOWER, ERBs (Einstein/Rosen Bridges) and all of that.

CAN YOU EXPLAIN WHAT YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT? IT’S SO COMPACTED. LET’S STRETCH IT OUT A LITTLE BIT. IT SOUNDS MORE LIKE YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT WHAT THEY (J-RODS) ARE GOING TO GET OUT OF THIS EXCHANGE. I’M CURIOUS AS TO WHAT WE ARE GOING TO GET?

Oh, we’re going to get not wiped out!

BECAUSE THE PROBLEM WE’RE TRYING TO SOLVE IS NOT TO BE WIPED OUT (IN 2012)?

Threat of Einstein-Rosen Bridge “Star Gate” Time Machines

The biggest problem is to make sure that there are no human-created ERB (Einstein-Rosen Bridge) machines (Star Gates). It sounds science fiction, I know, and it’s hokey-sounding. OK? But to make sure there are none of those in existence which can automatically turn on when the next age begins on December 21, 2012. We are apparently going to cross over the plane of the galaxy in which there is a dense network of wormholes. There is supposed to be some sort of enlightenment. Whether or not that’s the Christ event or whether that’s a burp on a Sunday morning, I don’t know what that’s going to be. I’m not enough of a scholar in that area to figure that out. I do know that failure would result in too much energy being directed at our planet from our own star. And hence, my interest in looking at the pretty SOHO pictures of our sun. The pace at which these unusual forms (more intense solar flares? Worm holes?) are being produced is increasing.

ARE WE ENTERING AN AREA AS WE APPROACH THE EQUATORIAL PLANE OF THE GALAXY WHERE THERE IS A GREATER CONCENTRATION OF DUST THAT CAN SURROUND OUR SUN?

So I’ve heard.”

[ Editor’s Note: Priscella Frisch at the University of Chicago and Mark Landgraf with the European Space Agency in Darmstadt, Germany have respectively studied the gas and dust in which our solar system moves. No gas and dust of any appreciable density is expected to affect our solar system in the next several decades. ]

 

Einstein-Rosen Bridges (ERBs) and “Worm Holes”

WHAT THEY ARE CALLING ERBs (Einstein-Rosen Bridges) – NOW CALLED WORMHOLES ­ARE THERE NATURALLY OCCURRING WORM HOLES?

There are a number of nodes on our planet of what I am understanding that are naturally sensitive electromagnetically? I don’t know, but are naturally sensitive to the space through which we pass. These nodes activate spontaneously when we pass through them (worm holes) or can be struck with electromagnetism and be temporarily opened.

WHAT HAPPENS IF WE USE A MACHINE TO OPEN AN ARTIFICIAL WORM HOLE?

There are two different things. One, they have been putting ­ Saddam Hussein did put two of them together in Iraq which conformed to the ancient cylinder seals which are now missing from the Baghdad Museum. Obviously, some one looted them. They were looted by the “best,” I’ll put it that way.

HAVEN’T YOU BEEN INVESTIGATING A SITE WHERE THERE IS A NATURAL WORM HOLE?

Frenchman Mountain. (Las Vegas, Nevada)
Frenchman Mountain, location of the vishnu schist and granite geological Great Unconformity, near Sunrise Mountain on eastern edge of Las Vegas, Nevada marked in yellow below. Photograph © 2004 by Linda Moulton Howe.
Frenchman Mountain, location of the vishnu schist and granite geological Great Unconformity, near Sunrise Mountain on eastern edge of Las Vegas, Nevada marked in yellow below. Photograph © 2004 by Linda Moulton Howe.


YOUR WORK CONTINUES ON FRENCHMAN MOUNTAIN?

Yes, it does. Our remote viewing unit first brought the notion that this could be a wormhole situation. Yes, we have employed remote viewers for it. Since then, there have been occurrences at the mountain that are far afield from the research I have been doing for the LOTUS Project.

Those are two separate things. I originally went there (Frenchman Mountain) with a team to do an endosymbiotic research program. I was trying to nail down book about the McMenamin hypersea theory.”

[ Editor’s Note: In 1994, Mark McMenamin, Prof. of Geology at Mount Holyoke College, introduced the theory that life forms that moved from the sea to the land diversified to a far greater extent than marine life did. In his book, Hypersea: Life on Land, the “hypersea” theory was called one of “seven ideas that could change the world” by Discover magazine. Later in 1994, McMenamin proposed that the 600-million-year-old fossils he discovered in Mexico-the oldest ever found-didn’t merely push back the timeline for the earliest animals, but indicated an entirely new division of life, a division (now extinct) that was evolving heads and nervous systems apart from animals through a process called “convergent evolution.” The contemporary implications of his hypothesis are profound, providing evidence that the potential for development of humanlike brains is not a unique occurrence in our universe. ]

 

“Ganesh Particle,” Seed of Life

“And also I had presumed that we were looking for what past we were in (given the time convergence paradox). So, I was looking for an artifact that might interact selectively with ourselves. That’s when I fell into the issue involving the “Ganesh particle” when a flare (of light) passed across the surface of some algae during a test. We found out that the flare ­ and it’s included in the report ­ that flare is associated with the speed that the Ganesh particle passes. So, for a Ganesh particle, it was actually overly flaring on us that day. It was May 31, 2001, at Frenchman Mountain. You have access to one of those reports that I’m aware of.

CAN YOU EXPLAIN WHAT THE CURRENT STATUS IS AT THE PRESENT TIME?

We’re in a chimera (Dan’s metaphor to illustrate the multiple temporal loop overlays).”

(Editor’s Note: Greek mythology – fire-breathing she-monster with a lion’s head and a goat’s body and a serpent’s tail; daughter of Typhon, Greek Mythology. One of the best examples is perhaps from the book “Gods Men and Monsters” written by Michael Gibson and illustrated by Giovanni Caselli.)
Chimera, a triplicate combination of genes from a lion, goat and snake. Illustration © by Giovanni Caselli from Gods, Men and Monsters © by Michael Gibson.
Chimera, a triplicate combination of genes from a lion, goat and snake. Illustration © by Giovanni Caselli from Gods, Men and Monsters © by Michael Gibson.

Past, Present and Future Time Lines on Earth and Mars

“What we see ­ for instance I mentioned earlier – ruins on the moon and Mars. You are probably aware that I was involved in Inca City research (on Mars). That’s because the J-Rod that showed me (telepathically) the Inca City image, but didn’t show it to me as a dead city. He showed it to me as a future city ­ a living, breathing, society ­ post-damage, post-catastrophe, here.
Mars Global Surveyor image of "Inca City." Credit: NASA/JPL/Malin Space Science Systems.
Mars Global Surveyor image of “Inca City.” Credit: NASA/JPL/Malin Space Science Systems.

We are literally looking at things that are present, but according to a linear time line, have not been built yet! Now if that isn’t confusing!! You said you wanted me to explain what the hell I was talking about ­ if that’s not confusing, it confuses me.

According to the Doctrine of Convergent Timeline Paradox, the J-Rods ­ to solve their para-protein problem ­ used these ERBs (Einstein-Rosen Bridges) to go back in time. Some of them were worshiped. They were treated as gods and temples were built for them. It’s so science fiction! It sounds like poppycock, I know.

But this is what I got in exchange for the information that he gave me, so what the hell. Literally, there are two or more concurrent time lines that we are living in. Two separate existences. What that means exactly? That’s what I read. What that means exactly, I’m not sure. I am intellectually limited in that area. I took some philosophy, but I’m intellectually limited in that area. And I don’t want to present something that I don’t know is fact.

But, to solve their problem, the J-Rods messed around with us even earlier than when they were treated as gods. They went back (in time), were treated as gods, and then went further back before. In other words, they could select the time line (they enter here on Earth). How they do that? I have no clue.

They manipulated our original DNA and removed a single strand from us (of DNA). This made us able to mate with another experiment that was underway at the time called Neanderthalensis. And yes, I know there is no genetic evidence concerning the mating between the Neanderthals and the other brand of our kind (Homo sapiens sapiens). That’s because all the genes have been turned off. Any of the unusual mating sequences aside from retro-viruses that tagged along were turned off as part of our long intermittent sequences (so-called ‘junk DNA’). They are part of the great repeats. In fact, in Neanderthals, take a look at the number of long interspersing elements that they have in their genomes and that will bear out what I’m saying.

I THINK THERE IS A NEW ARTICLE IN THE NEW SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN BY A WOMAN ANTHROPOLOGIST WHO SAYS HER RESEARCH SHOWS THAT HOMO SAPIENS SAPIENS DID MATE WITH HOMO NEANDERTHALENSIS AT SOME TIME.

It has been believed that the cross-breeding mismatched our chemical and structural architecture neurophysiologically and that was one of the primary promoters for the problem that the J-Rods now suffer.

WE ARE TALKING ABOUT GOING TO TWO DIFFERENT POINTS IN THE PAST: ONE NOW AND ONE EARLIER. WHAT EXACTLY IS THE DOCTRINE OF CONVERGING TIME PARADOX?

It’s the paradox of killing your grandfather. If you kill your grandfather, you cease to exist. Michio Kaku, from what I can glean from his work, would say, ‘No. It would cause two separate universes, or two separate time streams.’

But in accordance with the Doctrine that I read, his theory does not take into account that those two time streams could occur simultaneously ­ that the reality could be mixed! Which is why there are so many confusing data sets involving everything from fossil finds to strata. It’s why there are so many conundrums involving the speed of planetary formation. There was a recent thing out that I read about our planet being formed in a very short period of time, much shorter than they had counted for the accretion period. The way it came through to me was that it was ­ (my source) was a Keystone DCTP flyer.”

(Editor’s Note: Keystone DCTP: the process of engineering molecules with desired properties is the keystone of molecular evolution. It is achieved through a repeating process of changes in the DNA, followed by screening or selection of the optimum sequence. The changes in the DNA occur in evolution as a result of recombination and mutagenesis. DNA shuffling describes a combination of in vitro recombination of related sequences and a low rate of random point mutagenesis in one experiment. If the size of the template DNA is too similar to the size of the products, it is necessary to digest the template DNA enzymatically. Deoxycytidine 5′-Triphosphate (dCTP) : Radioactive Nucleotides.)

 

“That these things are happening simultaneously. That a planet can form at one rate and the reality can mix such that we can perceive it having formed at a separate rate. And then you can go back and look at it at another time and have another perception because the realities are actually mixed.

ARE YOU SAYING THAT YOU CAN LOOK AT SOMETHING ONE DAY AND THEN GO BACK THE NEXT DAY AND IT WOULD SEEM DIFFERENT BECAUSE A DIFFERENT TIME LINE HAS COME INTO PLAY?

Yes. Biologists, chemists, natural philosophers, call that ‘error.’ If something falls outside the acceptable range of error, they call it ‘non-written’ because you would call it non-publicized and they would not get their funding. That’s the nature of the Big Business of science.

And I asked a guy associated with my mentor at SUNY (State University of New York). His name was Carl and he had a problem in Louisiana, let’s say that. He jumped ship and he wanted to measure some things having to do with free radicals. This will give you an idea of what happens if you piss people off and where you don’t get enough funding. He had funding ten days prior to his separation (from the University), but they separated him anyway and he lost his funding. If you don’t show the progressive upkeep for the funding, you are not there any more. It goes much deeper and wider than ‘publish or perish.’

 

T-9 Treaty with J-RODS

WHAT IS IT IN THE (T-9)TREATY WE HAVE (WITH THE J-RODS)? WHAT IS IT WE ARE TRYING TO WORK WITH AND THEY WITH US?

100% cooperation in getting rid of the ERBs (Einstein-Rosen Bridges time machines now on Earth from past interactions of the J-Rods coming back in time and leaving the ERBs on this planet) in exchange for 100% cooperation to solve their physical problem and to attempt their rejoining (in this timeline). That’s a big, big order. Where that will go? I’m not sure. However, the project under which I’m working right now might help some.

 

Dan Burisch Research of the “Ganesh Particle”

WHAT IS YOUR CURRENT WORK?

It’s an electro-physiological resonance which is present around, in and through our DNA, which it is believed by some of the more esoteric people to come via the Supernal Triad, the Divine Sephira Tree of Life, which holds us together as intellectual and emotional beings. It is that dualism that keeps us in sync with the universe.

WHAT IS YOUR WORKING ENVIRONMENT LIKE NOW?

I’m in an environment ­ I’m not going to get personal here ­ I’m in an apartment environment. There are children around me, which is wonderful. I direct the project from that location. I do some minor microscopy work from there. Nothing of a hazardous nature, no more than dust would be hazardous to you. In times of need, I transfer to various facilities, not worldwide, but nationwide and work within those facilities under whatever the protocols that we need to complete. Those facilities are wide-ranging such as Dulce, New Mexico, the Shady Rest Site 4, the Groom Lake facility, Brookhaven National Lab (Long Island), the Los Alamos area (New Mexico) of the T-5 section proper, and recently in this little event near Los Alamos in the Alamo Canyon. As well as give testimony, I had to show some evidence when I was there to a mirror. (Someone) was sitting on the other side of the mirror, so I hear. As God as my witness, there maybe was not anyone on the other side of that damn mirror! But they told me they were.

TO DEMONSTRATE RESULTS?

To demonstrate data, yes. Show data sets relative to Project LOTUS.

YOU HAVE BEEN WORKING ON THIS EXCLUSIVELY FOR HOW LONG?

Since 1986. I’ve played with local jobs around town (as cover for microbiology work). That’s when I was Danny Crain.

YOU’RE PRETTY MUCH EXCLUSIVELY ENGAGED IN A PROJECT WHICH IS FUNDAMENTALLY TIED TO THE FUTURE OF OUR SPECIES?

It is. Fundamentally. This project without getting too deep into it, this project is an all-encompassing attempt to grab for the brass ring and make sure that that brass ring is not the fruit of the Tree of Life. To grab just until we get to that point. Aside from that, I’m not going to try to barge my way past the East Gate of Eden. The people who do that get hurt, at least so I’ve heard.

IT SOUNDS LIKE YOU ARE BRIDGING WHAT WE HAVE CALLED PHYSICS AND METAPHYSICS INTO ONE THING.

Indeed. And that’s not even pop metaphysics, but ancient esoteric sciences. For millennia, we’ve conceived of the supernatural and that supernatural interaction with humankind. What we are seeing in this project that it isn’t so much supernatural. It’s natural and it’s there with us all along. We just haven’t taken the time to look. In fact, our lab procedures have been mutually exclusive to find what we have now found! they would destroy or mask over the process we are now beholding. These particles have the ability, in essence, to bend light. In the report, you’ll see a series of images that show clearly where the particle is changing into the shape of a yeast cell (Saccharomyces cerevisiae). It’s masking ­ the closer it gets to it, the more it masks. But when it passes by, it looks like it. Then when it gets in close proximity, the wolf-in-sheep’s-clothing steps out and it does its business.

Meanwhile, the average biological investigator has ceased looking. The protocol has moved on. He or she has scaled a slide and has seen two eukaryotic cells and has moved on!

HOW DO YOU WANT TO GET OUT OF ALL THIS NOW?

‘Getting out’ is a loaded term right now. I don’t know where it’s going to go, but what I do foresee is that if that same elected U. S. government is interested in information, I do see myself providing that to my elected government as I have been sworn to do so. Whether or not I’m prevented from doing so, we’ll find out. Again, we all have to go some time.

I see that as the logical step because once the information is presented to the elected government ­ and once I’m no longer officially held. And it’s not just the information involving the Lotus. There are military applications associated with it as well, biological applications. Once that information is no longer a constraining factor ­ (I want) freedom. Whether or not I’ll end up on the chopping block, I don’t know. But (I want) freedom, nonetheless.

DO YOU KNOW WHO YOU SHOULD YOU BE TALKING TO?

No. I would think that ­ oh, God, I would not know which Congressional committee would need to bring me under their authority! I don’t know which one. There has to be one with the right name on it. Once that’s done under the appropriate circumstances, I will tell them everything that I know, so help me God.”

Upcoming at Earthfiles: Field trip with Dan Burisch to Frenchman Mountain where he has studied “Ganesh Particles” and Einstein-Rosen Bridge (ERB) worm holes.
Linda Moulton Howe with Dan B Burisch in Rachel, Nevada on Sunday, May 30, 2004. Photograph © 2004 by Winston Smith.
Linda Moulton Howe with Dan B Burisch in Rachel, Nevada on Sunday, May 30, 2004. Photograph © 2004 by Winston Smith.
More Information:

See these previous Earthfiles.com reports:

· 05/23/2004 —  Part 2: Whistleblower Microbiologist Dan Burisch Interview on June 7, 2003
· 05/19/2004 —  Part 1: Whistleblower Microbiologist Dan Burisch Interview on June 7, 2003
· 04/26/2004 —  Update About Microbiologist Dan Burisch, Ph.D.
· 03/17/2004 —  Part 2 – “Horrible Secret” in UFO Crash Retrievals Near Roswell, New Mexico, in July 1947?
· 11/19/2003 —  Updated – 1954 Manual: “Extraterrestrial Entities and Technology” – Reasons It Is Authentic
· 09/15/2003 —  Part 3 – Whistleblower Microbiologist Speaks Out About Alleged “Alien” Named J-Rod
· 09/15/2003 —  Part 2 – Whistleblower Microbiologist Speaks Out About Alleged “Alien” Named J-Rod
· 09/15/2003 —  Part 1 – Whistleblower Microbiologist Speaks Out About Alleged “Alien” Named J-Rod ·10/05/2002 —  Part 3 – More Background On the Scientists Linked To “J-Rod”
· 10/05/2002 —  Part 2 – J-Rod and Microbiologist Dan B. Burisch, Ph.D.
· 10/05/2002 —  Part 1 – Two Scientists Describe An Extraterrestrial Biological Entity Called “J-Rod”
· 06/22/1999 —  The Strange Story of J-Rod, An EBE

Background

Dan Burisch is a microbiologist who received his Ph.D. from the State University of New York, Stonybrook, in 1989. He is 40 years old now, born on February 2, 1964. His birth certificate name was Danny B (no period) Crain. I have met and talked with his mother, Dodie Crain, and with Dan Burisch, Ph.D., himself.
Copy of Danny B Crain (aka Dan Burisch) "Certificate of Live Birth" at 4:28 a.m. on February 2, 1964, in St. Francis Hospital in Lynwood, California - a suburb of Los Angeles. Birth certificate provided by "Dodie" Crain.
Copy of Danny B Crain (aka Dan Burisch) “Certificate of Live Birth” at 4:28 a.m. on February 2, 1964, in St. Francis Hospital in Lynwood, California – a suburb of Los Angeles. Birth certificate provided by “Dodie” Crain.

In 1990, he married Deborah Kay Burisch who had a child from a previous marriage. Five years later in 1995, Dan legally changed his last name from Crain to Burisch to match the child’s legal last name.

In 1989, as Dan Crain graduated from SUNY Stonybrook with a Ph.D. in Microbiology and Molecular Genetics, Dan was at the same time employed by the U. S. Navy’s DOD Naval Research Laboratory. His rank was Captain and his title Microbiologist IV.

In 1994, he was assigned to work in an underground laboratory at S-4/5 at Area 51, five floors under the Papoose Mountain installation at Nellis AFB, Nevada. The fifth floor is accessible only by one secure elevator. Dr. Burisch told me that in the year 1994, he suited up in the fifth floor underground laboratory like an astronaut with breathing and urination hoses. His assignment was to enter a round “clean sphere” filled with a cold atmosphere of 4% by volume hydrogen, argon and other gases. Inside the clean sphere was an entity originally called “extraterrestrial” by his government superiors and later described as a “time traveler” from 50,000 years in the future. According to Dr. Burisch, his boss reported to a MAJI committee, an extension of the Majestic-12 Special Studies Group organized by President Harry S. Truman in 1947. Majestic 12 included top scientific, military and business leaders asked to study the extraterrestrial phenomenon.

Dr. Burisch says the being at S-4/5 Area 51 was called “J-Rod.” The name emerged when the being pointed at the “J” key on a computer keyboard and then at a hyphen-like or “bar” key. Telepathically, the being communicated that those symbols were equivalent to the number 15 in hieroglyphics, similar to Egyptian. Fifteen, the being telepathed, was an appropriate name for him because it was the number of light years from Earth to a planet important to his civilization. So, the Majestic group named him “J-Rod.” (Planetary base is allegedly planet “Gliese 876 c” which orbits a sun called “Gliese 876” at 15.2 light years from our sun and located in the southeastern part of the Constellation Aquarius.)

Dr. Burisch was told there is a serious medical problem with the J-Rod and his species and that MJ-12 wanted Dan to extract tissue from the being’s arm for microscopic study. A serious peripheral neuropathy was diagnosed and Dr. Burisch said in the year 1994, he collected more than 200 tissue samples in an effort to study the J-Rod’s nerve damage and to perhaps develop a treatment. Dan became upset by what he was learning and in a whistle-blowing effort, Dr. Burisch began to leak information in the summer and fall of 2002 to longtime UFO researcher and former Executive Director of Skywatch International, Bill Hamilton. That year, Bill played audiotaped and videotaped interviews for me of Dr. Burisch talking about his microbiology research of the extraterrestrial being’s neuropathy and an alleged and complicated threat that has come to be known as the Doctrine for Converging Time Line Paradox (DCTP).

Dr. Burisch has been diagnosed with a heart condition in which part of his heart muscle is weak, similar to the condition that killed the TV actor, John Ritter. Dan Burisch told Bill Hamilton in April 2004 that he had negotiated a deal with his government handlers to retire from official service to MJ-12 on June 1, 2004. But he wants to keep researching the issue of “panspermia” – the seeding of life on Earth that has been provoked by what the J-Rod has communicated to Dan Burisch during the tissue extraction procedures at S-4/5 Area 51.
