https://www.earthfiles.com/2004/06/12/part-1-field-trip-with-microbiologist-dan-burisch-to-frenchman-mountain-nevada/

June 11, 2004  Las Vegas, Nevada – In 1989, 25-year-old Danny B Crain graduated from the State University of New York, Stonybrook with a Ph.D. in Microbiology and Molecular Genetics. Dr. Crain was at the same time employed by the U. S. Navy’s DOD Naval Research Laboratory. His rank was Captain and his title Microbiologist IV. A year later in 1990, he married Deborah Kay Burisch who had a child from a previous marriage. Five years later in 1995, Danny B Crain legally changed his last name to Burisch to match the child’s legal last name.

Between 1991 and 1994, Dr. Burisch began an extraordinary assignment five floors underground the Papoose Mountain range at S-4/5, Area 51, Nellis AFB in Nevada. Dr. Burisch says he was suited up in astronaut-type gear to enter a highly classified and secure clean sphere filled with an atmosphere of cold hydrogen, argon and other gases. That atmosphere was allegedly created to house what his superiors said was a time traveling extraterrestrial biological entity. According to Dr. Burisch, his microbiology research with the being was reported to his Majestic 12 and MAJI Committee government employers, an extension of the Majestic-12 Special Studies Group organized by President Harry S. Truman in 1947. Majestic 12 included top scientific, military and business leaders asked by President Truman to study the extraterrestrial phenomenon.

In those years, Dr. Burisch says he extracted more than 300 tissue samples from the arm of the extraterrestrial called “J-Rod.” The name derived from the creature pointing at computer keyboard symbols for the letter “J” and for the rod-like inertia symbol. According to the entity’s telepathic communication, the combined hieroglyphic symbols mean the number fifteen in his civilization which relates to the 15.2 light year distance from Earth to the star in our Milky Way Galaxy known as Gleise 876. Around that star, according to J-Rod, orbits a planet on which some of his species have based themselves. Our own Earth astronomers have discovered at least two planets orbiting Gleise 876.

According to Dr. Burisch, he received telepathic communication from the J-Rod about serious medical problems that were forcing his species to extinction and which brought them back to Earth – their original home – in a mind-boggling effort to change a time line problem in our human present – and the J-Rods’ ancient past.

Dr. Burisch describes the J-Rod’s medical problem as a “peripheral neuropathy,” which causes serious nerve damage. From all the tissue extractions, Dr. Burisch and his other microbiology colleagues were trying to develop a treatment that might help the time travelers and change a potentially dangerous Earth future.
Interview:

Danny B Burisch, Ph.D., Microbiologist, during 1991-1994 at S-4/5, Area 51, Groom Lake, Nellis AFB, Nevada: “We would undergo a medical examination, at least during the early time frame of the introductions of the 1991 to 1992 time frame when we were doing introductions. We had regular systematic medicals by physicians. Following that, we would be suited ­ first, catheterized, plugged and suited. A communication apparatus was placed on our heads. There was a cooling system set up. For all intents and purposes, it was a space suit, a total encapsulated suit ­ something like what you would find in a NASA facility. Not so much something you would see, for instance, at CDC (Centers for Disease Control)- not that type of Level 4 suit. It was more a regular space-type suit with joints. We were suited up, we were pressurized and then walked with our cooling system and our hosing down a ramp into the Ambassadorial Suite (where J-Rod kept). Following that, we were lead up a gantry way which had been moved into position by the Clean Sphere, which had been previously rotated up through an iris through the floor.

He (J-Rod) was held actually below the Ambassadorial Suite level and that was raised up as needed. What they did with him down there, he did not say. And they (bosses) did not tell me. It was not a need-to-know issue. Apparently that’s where they dealt with the cleaning of the Sphere and all that down there. It was regular housed-animal maintenance, as they treated him.

We would be lead up the gantry way. The hoses would be hooked into an interior system inside the doorway that was exterior to the Clean Sphere. And it was called ‘Six Degree System.’

We would be lead in. The door would be closed and we would be pressurized inside of the gantry way. Following that, there was a drug system that was set up. Once there was an equal pressurization between the gantry way and the Clean Sphere, we would then be told to proceed forward. I would raise a hand in acknowledgment. We were not supposed to talk at the time at all because nothing verbal around the specimen, around the J-Rod. Why (no verbal)? I was never told, but we were not supposed to talk around the J-Rod.

I moved the drug system and re-hooked a secondary set of hosing inside the Clean Sphere, checked the pressurization and once that was done, the door to the Clean Sphere would be closed behind me and I would presume that the pressurization remained the same in the gantry way.

Following that I would do my business inside the Clean Sphere involving contact with the J-Rod and removing the samples (from the J-Rod.)”

 

Convergent Timelines Paradox

But Dr. Burisch became upset when he was asked to apply what he was learning to biological weapons research. In a whistle-blowing effort in the summer and fall of 2002, he began to leak information to Bill Hamilton, long time UFO investigator and former Executive Director of Skywatch International. That year, Bill confidentially played for me audiotaped and videotaped interviews of Dr. Burisch talking about his J-Rod research and the complicated threat that has come to be known as the Doctrine of Convergent Timelines Paradox.

Dr. Burisch said he thought the public deserved to know that by December 2012, the uncorrected J-Rod problem could mean a disaster for Earth and humanity. Dr. Burisch said there was a problem in Time itself that the J-Rods were trying to repair in order to prevent a global catastrophe. Dr. Burisch said he understood that the J-Rods’ deteriorating physical condition was the result of a disaster that had already occurred on Earth ­ that the J-Rods preceded Homo sapiens sapiens.

The catastrophe – past and future – came from one, two or three events – or all three together. Those included a very large energy flare from the sun at the same time our solar system encountered a swarm of naturally occurring mini-black holes, also called worm holes. A third event at the same time might have been a nuclear war on Earth. The destructive energy of all that happening split the Earth’s time line into two branches that allegedly still loop and circle each other to this day.

According to Dr. Burisch’s understanding of the time paradox, the DNA-damaged J-Rods evolved down one of the split time lines and deteriorated into small, grey and brown skinned humanoids with four fingers and large black eyes that faced eventual extinction. On the other time line, another group of original humans evolved physically and spiritually stronger as a blond Nordic-looking race based in the stars of the Orion constellation belt.

According to Dr. Burisch, if not repaired, the looping time line problem means that the Earth would keep experiencing cyclic destructions unless the loop is straightened out. Allegedly, our American government has been communicating with the J-Rods through a series of treaties every nine years since 1958. Everyone has allegedly been trying to figure out how to prevent a current 2012 Earth catastrophe that would doom most humans and time travelers.

On June 7, 2003, Bill Hamilton was given permission by Dr. Burisch to videotape him talking again about the J-Rod, clean sphere, and time paradox. The full transcript is published as a 3-part Earthfiles report with illustrations.

Today, Dr. Burisch has been diagnosed with a heart condition and negotiated a deal with his government handlers to retire on June 1, 2004, from official government service to MJ-12 and the MAJI Committee. With that recent retirement, he allowed me and half a dozen others to go on a field trip with him in Las Vegas on May 30th to the site of his most recent research that was provoked by telepathic communication from the J-Rod about its original life on Earth.

One of those communications guided Dr. Burisch to look for evidence of panspermia, the seeding of life, at the Vishnu Schist Great Unconformity on the eastern edge of Las Vegas in Frenchman Mountain. Rock layers there range from half a billion to 2.7 billion years old.

Two years ago, Dan Burisch was at Frenchman Mountain when he was astonished to see a flash of light from a rock he was videotaping. That discovery lead to what he calls the LOTUS MODEL and STAAR FLOWER Projects. On our field trip, Dr. Burisch explained what happened as we walked from the freeway up to the same rock layer where the energy burst occurred from rocks containing silicon dioxide quartz crystals.
Bureau of Land Management and University of Nevada Las Vegas Department of Geoscience marker for the Vishnu Schist Great Unconformity at Frenchman Mountain, Las Vegas, Nevada. In the rocky hill beyond, we walked the path to the rocks where microbiologist Dan Burisch discovered a biophotonic burst of energy on May 31, 2001, while researching panspermia evidence. Photograph © 2004 by Linda Moulton Howe.
Bureau of Land Management and University of Nevada Las Vegas Department of Geoscience marker for the Vishnu Schist Great Unconformity at Frenchman Mountain, Las Vegas, Nevada. In the rocky hill beyond, we walked the path to the rocks where microbiologist Dan Burisch discovered a biophotonic burst of energy on May 31, 2001, while researching panspermia evidence. Photograph © 2004 by Linda Moulton Howe.

Dan Burisch, Ph.D., Microbiologist, at Vishnu Schist Great Unconformity, Las Vegas, Nevada: “If you activate the silicon dioxide in the proper way, there is an emission of the particles.

EVEN FROM RIGHT HERE?

Sure. If my theory is correct, it’s from all silicon dioxide. It literally accesses through the ether, through the implicate structure of the universe into our material structure of the universe.

BUT THAT SPECIFIC CRYSTAL (SILICON DIOXIDE)?

The quartz crystals that we were working with here are alpha quartz after beta quartz. We were dealing specifically with octahedral crystals.

YOU THINK THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN PART OF A LARGE INTELLIGENCE PLAN?

I believe the octahedral structure acts as an antenna, if you will, yes. And given the fact that the octahedral structure is one of the five Platonic solids, as well as the base structure for what you see huge groupings on a celestial scale of star clusters and galaxies through the universe. I believe it is an important structure. I’m not new in believing that.
Octahedron (8 sides), one of the five Platonic solids and the shape of the silicon dioxide quartz crystals that microbiologist Dan Burisch experimented with in his LOTUS MODEL research of life seeding by "ganesh particles" interacting with the quartz at French Mountain, Las Vegas, Nevada.
Octahedron (8 sides), one of the five Platonic solids and the shape of the silicon dioxide quartz crystals that microbiologist Dan Burisch experimented with in his LOTUS MODEL research of life seeding by “ganesh particles” interacting with the quartz at French Mountain, Las Vegas, Nevada.
Large silicon dioxide quartz crystals.
Large silicon dioxide quartz crystals.


“Ganesh” Particles

But the particles that we found are basically a combination ­ current theories having to do with “inphotons” ­ biophotonic material that contains information. It happened right up here. It was being filmed with a standard video camera. What I was doing was I was playing with the conductivity of the rock here. I was looking for something totally different from what we found. I was looking for a change in conductivity and associated particles trapped ­ careful ­ trapped in the rock. Specifically I was looking for biomarkers, DNA biomarkers.

And we’ve got that huge biophotonic burst. The May 31st image where it looks like it is green ­ you see this light burst (of rock) right there.

WAS IT PURE LUCK?

I added too much energy and the right amount of light, too much directed energy and the right amount of light and it was pure luck. I found the biophotonic burst and said, ‘My God, we’ve got something different here than what I thought originally.’

So, I suspended operations looking for the biomarker and started looking for a reason why I would have the biophotonic burst. At the time, I didn’t call it a biophotonic burst. I just called it a burst of energy.

We find when the right amount of energy is added together with the right wattage per square area, we just get pure particle emission. And it’s an extremely small millivoltage, right around 16.5 millivolts.”

 

Panspermia and Ganesh Particles

The burst of light energy at the Vishnu Schist rock in Las Vegas – which surprised Dr. Dan Burisch – also gave him an insight about panspermia ­ the seeding of life force on Earth and throughout the universe. Dr. Burisch hypothesizes in his LOTUS MODEL that programmed energy he calls “ganesh particles” travel in light and can interact with common silicon dioxide quartz crystals the way radio signals interact with antennas.

Dr. Burisch: “It relates as a communication carrier from the other side, the void if you will, to present day living organisms. Originally, I had thought we would be dealing with something left as a biomarker in the rock and I was going to look for differences, depending upon the age. Hence, we had to make up our mind about where we were going to start. This is the oldest section (of the rock here) and it goes down to some 20 million years before present down by Lava Butte. Everything from here on, we’re up above a 550 million year old area.

What we did is originally, we thought it was going to be a biomarker and we would find a separate biomarker in present day cells and attempt to match those biomarkers to what could have been a theoretical panspermia virus. What we found is an actual emission of particles from a Somewhere. When we found the emission of particles from a Somewhere, I said, ‘OK, let’s hold my mundane theory here for a second. We’re going to start looking at this super jazzed up data that we’re getting. And that’s where we’ve been working ever since.

The Ganesh particle basically acts as a communication from Somewhere ­ meaning the void that gets accessed under the right energy concentration, or the right light. We named it the ‘shiva.’ It’s just an operating name, the ‘ganesh particle,’ meaning ‘mover of obstacles.’

Then finally, we began to look at what the ganesh particles did to living cells and they in fact imparted certain substances to the living cells. We named those substances which were imparted and retained by the living cells as the ‘vishnu’ component. So, we had our triumvirate model, if you will, but I think you can tell by what I just said that it is totally different than what we first imagined.

IF I UNDERSTAND AT ALL, YOU ARE SAYING THAT IT IS THE FORCE BEHIND EVERYTHING HAS THE ABILITY TO SEND OUT SOMETHING LIKE A RADIO OR TELEVISION SIGNAL THAT IS PROGRAMMED WITH INFORMATION. WHEN IT INTERACTS WITH ANY SILICON DIOXIDE, IT’S GOING TO FILL THE SILICON DIOXIDE WITH A PROGRAM THAT CAN PRODUCE LIFE?

Pretty accurate. Pretty accurate. Basically the silicon dioxide acts as an antenna which, when enough particles are oriented in the correct fashion ­ hence, the right shaped crystal ­ it acts as an antenna and opens a void, the particles are emitted, and yes, in fact they can motivate the production of life from pre-existing proteins. Now, I do not know whether or not they can motivate the production of life on their own. So, we do not have first life here. At least, we do not have data to support first life. But we have data to support production of life from proteinaceous material.

THE IMPLICATION IS THAT YOU HAVE FOUND MAYBE THE PROGRAMMING MECHANISM FOR LIFE IN THIS UNIVERSE. BUT IT HAS TO BE ABLE TO BUILD WITH PROTEINS. WHAT WOULD MAKE THE PROTEINS?

Well, originally ­ these protein components could have been assembled in theory by the ganesh particles, or by actions from the ganesh particles, from amino acids that could have rained here as part of a celestial rain. So, in other words, delivered by comets. So, in fact, the portion of the panspermia theory regarding the production of life on Earth from deposition of amino acids could in fact have played in with this model (of ganesh particles).

ISN’T THE BIGGER IMPLICATION THAT IF THERE IS A FREQUENCY CARRIER OF LIFE PROGRAMMING THAT CAN GO INTO ALL SILICA DIOXIDES, THAN IT SHOULD BE ANYWHERE THERE ARE SILICA DIOXIDES IN THE UNIVERSE?
Yes, m’am.”

 

Convergent Timeline Paradox

Dr. Burisch said his discovery of the “ganesh particles” programmed with the Great Force of Life could not directly help solve the J-Rod medical problems. If the J-Rods are facing extinction without a timeline change, I asked Dr. Burisch how the alleged different time lines of the J-Rods, the Blonds and humans (Homo sapiens sapiens) could be converged into one time line – without eliminating some of them?
J-Rod drawn by Dan Burisch, Ph.D., Microbiologist, based on face-to-face encounter in 1994 inside clean sphere at S-4/5, Area 51, Nellis AFB, Nevada.
J-Rod drawn by Dan Burisch, Ph.D., Microbiologist, based on face-to-face encounter in 1994 inside clean sphere at S-4/5, Area 51, Nellis AFB, Nevada.


Dan Burisch: “Presently, they (J-Rods and Blonds) are simply traveling in time to come back to this present time. So, we’re not exactly existing in the same time line with them. It’s the actions of time travel which cause the temporal paradoxes. Further than that, talk to Bill Hamilton because he is the physics guy.

BUT YOUR UNDERSTANDING IS THAT IF THINGS WORK, THREE OF THESE TIME LINES, SO TO SPEAK ­ OURS, THE J-RODS AND THE BLONDS ­ COULD COEXIST IN A SINGULAR TIME LINE WITHOUT A CATASTROPHE IN 2012?

Two time lines would co-exist. Our present time line and those from Orion and the J-Rods. They are concurrent in a time line because they were concurrent at the point of catastrophe.

SO, THEY ARE CONCURRENT NOW AND THEY ARE GOING TO TRY TO CONVERGE IT INTO ONE IN WHICH THEY WILL REMAIN, FROM OUR POINT OF VIEW, EXTRATERRESTRIALS?

Yes, m’am.

AND WHAT WILL THAT ACCOMPLISH FOR THEM IF THEY ARE STILL VERY SICK?

It won’t. But it will accomplish for us in our reality of not having a catastrophe that ultimately splits our human species.

IT WOULD END THE CYCLE?

Yes, m’am. When it comes to the prevalence of the poly neuropathy and associated conditions with the J-Rods, that’s a totally separate issue and it’s one that is still being worked upon. It’s one of the team that I was lucky enough to head ­ I actually failed to find an answer to. However, there have been some significant inroads of late concerning their biology and so hopefully, we will have at least some treatment to alleviate their problems.”

Part 2 – The Danger of Time Loops and A Wormhole on Frenchman Mountain, Nevada

    “Einstein-Rosen Bridge (ERB) or Wormhole ­ A thin tube of spacetime connecting distant regions of the universe. Wormholes may also link parallel or baby universes and could provide the possibility of time travel.”

    “(There could be) observers who would be trapped in a finite region before the timeline horizon and would go around and around faster and faster until they reached the speed of light in a finite time. So, if a beautiful alien in a flying saucer invites you into her time machine, step with care. You might fall into one of these trapped repeating histories of only finite duration.”­

-The Universe in a Nutshell © 2001 by Stephen Hawking, Theoretical Physicist and Mathematician
Wormhole illustration on Page 483, Black Holes & Time Warps © 1994 by Kip S. Thorne.
Wormhole illustration on Page 483, Black Holes & Time Warps © 1994 by Kip S. Thorne.


Previous Part 1

June 14, 2004  Las Vegas, Nevada – On the May 30, 2004, field trip to the Vishnu Schist Great Unconformity east of Las Vegas, Dan Burisch, Ph.D., microbiologist, hypothesized that perhaps one of the reasons the life-programming ganesh particles were at the Frenchman Mountain site was because he and his colleagues had also discovered an Einstein-Rosen Bridge (ERB) wormhole there on the mountain which might have originally transported the ganesh particles from Somewhere Else in the universe.

With Dr. Burisch was his work colleague, Marcia A. McDowell, who was in charge of the ERB investigation at Frenchman Mountain. What she told us about the wormhole was chilling and those dangers are reinforced by theoretical physicist and mathematician, Stephen Hawking, in his 2001 book, The Universe In A Nutshell.

The Danger of Time Travel
by Stephen Hawking

“Time travel is possible in a region of spacetime in which there are time loops, paths that move at less than the speed of light but which nevertheless manage to come back to the place and time they started because of the warping of spacetime. Since I have assumed there were no time loops in the distant past, there must be what I call a time travel ‘horizon,’ the boundary separating the region of time loops from the region without them.
Stephen Hawking's artistic rendition of an alien time machine in which an ERB wormhole on the left would be used for rapid transportation point-to-point around the universe. Page 143, The Universe In A Nutshell © 2001 by Stephen Hawking.
Stephen Hawking’s artistic rendition of an alien time machine in which an ERB wormhole on the left would be used for rapid transportation point-to-point around the universe. Page 143, The Universe In A Nutshell © 2001 by Stephen Hawking.

“Time travel horizons are rather like black hole horizons. While a black hole horizon is formed by light rays that just miss falling into the black hole, a time travel horizon is formed by light rays on the verge of meeting up with themselves. I then take as my criterion for a time machine what I call a finitely generated horizon ­ that is, a horizon that is formed by light rays that all emerge from a bounded region. In other words, they don’t come in from infinity or from a singularity, but originate from a finite region containing time loops ­ the sort of region our advanced civilization (of time travellers) is supposed to create.
“In adopting this definition as the footprint of a time machine, we have the advantage of being able to use the machinery that Roger Penrose and I developed to study singularities and black holes. Even without using the Einstein equations, I can show that in general, a finitely generated horizon will contain a light ray that actually meets up with itself -that is, a light ray that keeps coming back to the same point over and over again. Each time the light came around it would be more and more blue-shifted, so the images would get bluer and bluer. The wave crests of a pulse of light will get closer and closer together and the light will get around in shorter and shorter intervals of its time. In fact, a particle of light would have only a finite history, as defined by its own measure of time, even though it went around and around in a finite region and did not hit a curvature singularity.
Does spacetime admit timelike curves that are closed, returning to their starting point again and again, repeating cycles in time? Page 139, The Universe In A Nutshell © 2001 by Stephen Hawking.
Does spacetime admit timelike curves that are closed, returning to their starting point again and again, repeating cycles in time? Page 139, The Universe In A Nutshell © 2001 by Stephen Hawking.

“One might not care if a particle of light completed its history in a finite time. But I can also prove that there would be paths moving at less than the speed of light that had only finite duration. These could be the histories of observers who would be trapped in a finite region before the horizon and would go around and around faster and faster until they reached the speed of light in a finite time. So if a beautiful alien in a flying saucer invites you into her time machine, step with care. You might fall into one of these trapped repeating histories of only finite duration.”
"These could be the histories of observers who would be trapped in a finite region before the (timeline) horizon and would go around and around faster and faster until they reached the speed of light in a finite time. ...You might fall into one of these trapped repeating histories of only finite duration." Page 144, The Universe In A Nutshell © 2001 by Stephen Hawking.
“These could be the histories of observers who would be trapped in a finite region before the (timeline) horizon and would go around and around faster and faster until they reached the speed of light in a finite time. …You might fall into one of these trapped repeating histories of only finite duration.” Page 144, The Universe In A Nutshell © 2001 by Stephen Hawking.


Further, Dr. Hawking asks, “Could an advanced civilization go back and change the past?” He writes that theoretically it is now possible that “space time could be warped so much that you could go off in a spaceship and come back before you set out. One way this could happen is if there were wormholes, tubes of spacetime that connect different regions of space and time. The idea is that you steer your spaceship into one mouth of the wormhole and come out of the other mouth in a different place and at a different time. Wormholes, if they exist, would be the solution to the speed limit (of light) in space: it would take tens of thousands of years to cross the galaxy in a spaceship that traveled at less than the speed of light, as relativity demands. But you might go through a wormhole to the other side of the galaxy and be back in time for dinner. However, one can show that if wormholes exist, you could also use them to get back before you set out.”
"If there was a wormhole with its two ends close together, you could walk through the wormhole and come out at the same time" that you left - or even before! Page 136, The Universe In A Nutshell © 2001 by Stephen Hawking.
“If there was a wormhole with its two ends close together, you could walk through the wormhole and come out at the same time” that you left – or even before! Page 136, The Universe In A Nutshell © 2001 by Stephen Hawking.
Interview:

Wormhole and Creature Transportation at Frenchman Mountain, Nevada

Dan Burisch, Ph.D., Microbiologist: “There was an extremely negative event ­ boy, does that put it mildly! ­ right behind you (the rock Linda Howe was sitting on). In fact, when I was filming the event, I was sitting on that large rock. It happened right there.

We got an unexpected electromagnetic surge and this happened on July 20, 2001 (two months after first ganesh particle flare of green light) ­ we got an unexpected electromagnetic surge. It was caused because I added too much energy to the rock and was also trying to magnify the biophotonic bursts with the use of a Class 3 laser.

I started literally feeling as though I was sinking into the rock. Started feeling like I was graying out, ready to pass out sinking down into the rock which is probably the gauss levels as they were going up and did not know at the time that there was an event actually within the equipment. We only discovered that there was an event that something looked like it had poked its head up – something that looked very strangely grey alien-type shape – poked its head up and was looking back at the world around us. Or maybe it was just an image. We don’t know. We only found this out days after when we were re-running the videotape (Dan took) and it was at the very end of the tape. As I was shutting equipment down ­ I was being warned to shut the equipment down via radio ­ and I shut the equipment down just at the time that this thing was popping out, if you will.

WAS THE CREATURE COMING OUT OF A ROUND HOLE IN THE AIR?

Let me describe what the equipment looked like. It was a rectangular solid with a crystal quartz suspended in a gel with a laser plummeting the crystal. Electricity was added to the gel and the amperage was increased. All of a sudden, we got an electromagnetic burst from it setting here. The bottom of this equipment was setting in contact with the ground. Through the disc that we had positioned – which was like a lens so that we could see what was going on underneath ­ through the disk is where this thing emerged.

WAS IT A J-ROD OR SOMETHING ELSE?

I don’t know what it was. We’ve got nice pictures of it, nice freeze frames of it.

IT REMINDS ME OF WHAT HAPPENED IN UTAH WITH THE NIDS RANCH (National Institute of Discovery Science), BIGELOW’S RANCH. A PORTAL OPENED UP AND A TALL, BLACK THING CAME THROUGH.

If what we saw here was a real organism, it would have been extremely small for its morphology because it appeared to have an anthropomorphic shape. But I think we were looking at an image of Elsewhere.

THAT COULD HAVE BEEN THE SAME IN UTAH, TOO.

Yeah, I don’t think it was physically here. But where it would have ended up if we had kept the equipment running? I don’t know. But I think we were looking at an image (holographic?).

DAN, WAS THIS A WORMHOLE LINK? AN ERB?

This was an emission of energy that resulted in that data, seeing something that appeared to be from Elsewhere.”
"Shadow beings" step from "hole" that opened up in the middle of teenager Linda Porter's room in 1961 near Covina, California, with a J-Rod type entity standing nearby. Drawing by Linda Porter for Linda Moulton Howe's book Glimpses of Other Realities, Volumes I and II.  See Earthfiles shop.
“Shadow beings” step from “hole” that opened up in the middle of teenager Linda Porter’s room in 1961 near Covina, California, with a J-Rod type entity standing nearby. Drawing by Linda Porter for Linda Moulton Howe’s book Glimpses of Other Realities, Volumes I and II.  See Earthfiles shop.

Dense Worm Holes in 2012?

DO YOU THINK WE’RE STILL GOING TOWARD A DENSE AREA OF WORMHOLES IN 2012?

We’re headed toward a dense area, yes. (But even on Earth now) these things (manmade ERB machines) could, theoretically, if they were allowed to spread, be sold, traded or whatever, they could theoretically be spread throughout the globe. And that in fact is what I understood is one of the events of a catastrophism timeline because they would be spread throughout the globe or throughout a large region of the globe. They would then activate (by the dense patch of cosmic worm holes) and we would be in trouble!

THEY WOULD ACTIVATE BY WORMHOLES?

They would activate by the natural energy coming from the wormholes and also, what would happen is that once they would activate, they would draw more energy in. At that time in December 2012, there is going to be a fairly large burst from the sun. The nature of the burst, I’m not exactly sure because that’s not my thing. But that, coupled by the activation of the star gates would be enough to do the majority of the human population in.

WOULD IT SET OFF A SKY FIRE?

However it happens, I think so, yes. I’m aware that there would be a great tectonic movement. Essentially, there would be a geological pole shift, as well as the magnetic one. The magnetic one is taken care of from the solar wind.”

 

Implications of the Lotus Project Discoveries at Frenchman Mountain

WOULD THE KNOWLEDGE ABOUT THAT PROGRAMMING IN THE SILICON DIOXIDES HELP THE J-RODS?

One faction of the J-Rods (referred to as “rogue”) thought that it would and hence, used it as a power chip for a signature for the T-9 Treaty (a treaty between the U.S. and the J-Rods signed between May 15 to June 8, 2004.) Will it help them, no. Once they got a look at the content of the Lotus Model, once the model was produced, then they were able to access the Yellow Book (3-dimensional history about Earth, Zeta Reticuli 1 and 2, timeline anomaly and other data). Once they accessed the Yellow Book, they saw what implications it could bring for their future. That was disaster (for them) because they would literally be touching something they should not be touching. So, they stepped back from it, from what I hear. But that’s only what I’ve been told.

AND THAT WHICH THEY WOULD TOUCH WOULD BE WHAT?

The fruit of the Tree of Life. From this Lotus Model theory, one can access by direct data the 27 spheres, or the 27 blue apples, which compose the Metatron’s Cube. From there, all of the Platonic solids can be emerged. If you can properly modulate that which can be done with the (Lotus) model, then you can literally create life. And that’s not for us to do.”

 

Metatron’s Cube and Platonic Solids
Metatron's Cube drawn by Charles Gilchrist.
Metatron’s Cube drawn by Charles Gilchrist.

Metatron’s Cube contains all the mathematical relationships in the Tree of Life and the five Platonic Solids that the ancient Greek philosopher, Plato, described in his Timaeus as the building blocks of the matter world. There are only five solids in which all sides are equal and all angles are the same and all faces are identical. In each corner of such a solid the same number of surfaces collide.

Tetrahedron – 4 sides of equilateral triangles. It has the smallest volume for its surface and represents the property of dryness. Plato equated the tetrahedron to fire.
Four sides of tetrahedron.
Four sides of tetrahedron.


Cube, or Hexahedron – 6 sides of squares. The hexahedron, standing firmly on its base and Plato equated it to the stable Earth.
Six sides of cube, or hexhedron.
Six sides of cube, or hexhedron.


Octahedron – 8 sides of equilateral triangles. It rotates freely when held by two opposite vertices and Plato equated it to air.
Eight equilateral triangle sides of octahedron.
Eight equilateral triangle sides of octahedron.


Dodecahedron – 12 sides of equilateral pentagons. Plato equated this solid to the universe because the zodiac has twelve signs corresponding to the twelve faces of the dodecahedron.
Twelve equilateral pentagon sides of dodechahedron.
Twelve equilateral pentagon sides of dodechahedron.


Icosahedron – 20 sides of equilateral triangles. It has the largest volume for its surface area and represents the property of wetness. Plato equated the icosahedron to water.
20 equilateral triangle sides of icosahedron.
20 equilateral triangle sides of icosahedron.


The Kabbalah teaches that its knowledge was transmitted to mankind by the Archangel Metatron. A key is to comprehend geometry as a universal language – perhaps the cosmic language – that describes the smallest to the largest in this universe, both at seen and unseen levels. Underlying everything are mathematical rules of construction that define how matter and energy unfold and evolve.

Writer Nigel Pennick wrote in his 1994 book, Sacred Geometry, Symbolism and Purpose in Religious Structures, “Because geometry is an image of the structure of the cosmos, it can readily be used as a symbolic system for understanding various features of the universe. …Since the earliest times, geometry has been inseparable from magic. Even the most archaic rock-scribings are geometrical in form. These hint at a notational and invocational system practiced by some ancient priesthood. Because the complexities and abstract truths expressed by geometrical forms could only be explained as reflections of the innermost truths of the world, they were held to be sacred mysteries of the highest order and were shielded from the eyes of the profane (general public).”

Part 3 – The Danger of Time Loops and A Wormhole on Frenchman Mountain, Nevada

May 31, 2004, Dan Burisch Interview at Frenchman Mountain Continues:

“YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT CREATING PRIMAL LIFE, NOT MANIPULATION OF ALREADY EXISTING AND EVOLVING GENETIC MATERIAL?

Both could be in theory done. If one would spin off a technology from the project, which is another reason why I’m guarding as carefully as I’m guarding it!

DO YOU THINK THAT ANY OF THIS SHEDS ANY LIGHT ON WHAT WILL HAPPEN IN 2012?

I think the signatures that are due on June 8, 2004, for the T-9 Treaty is an indicator to me that we are looking toward the positive ­ meaning a fruitful outcome of 2012. The proper negotiations have been completed, or are being completed, and are awaiting signatures. So, if everybody cooperates, we should have a collapse of the time lines in 2012.

THE CONVERGENCE OF TIME LINE PARADOX ­ HOW CAN YOU CONVERGE THE TIME LINES AND HAVE THE SPLIT TIME LINES OF THE J-RODS, THE BLONDS AND THE HOMO SAPIENS ALTOGETHER IN A CONVERGED TIME LINE WITHOUT THE ELIMINATION OF SOME OF THEM?

Presently, they (J-Rods and Blonds) are simply traveling in time to come back to this present time. So, we’re not exactly existing in the same time line with them. It’s the actions of time travel which cause the temporal paradoxes. Further than that, talk to Bill Hamilton because he is the physics guy. But two time lines would co-exist. Our present time line and those from Orion and the J-Rods. Those two species are concurrent in a time line because they were concurrent at the point of catastrophe (in a previous 2012 in the repeating time loop problem).

SO, THEY ARE CONCURRENT NOW AND THEY ARE GOING TO TRY TO CONVERGE IT INTO ONE IN WHICH THEY WILL REMAIN, FROM OUR POINT OF VIEW, EXTRATERRESTRIALS?

Yes, m’am.

WHAT WILL THAT ACCOMPLISH FOR THEM IF THEY ARE STILL VERY SICK?

It won’t. But it will accomplish for us in our reality of not having a catastrophe that ultimately splits our human species.

IT WOULD END THE CYCLE (TIME LOOP)?

Yes, m’am. When it comes to the prevalence of the poly neuropathy and associated conditions with the J-Rods, that’s a totally separate issue and it’s one that is still being worked upon. It’s one of the team that I was lucky enough to head ­ I actually failed to find an answer to. However, there have been some significant inroads of late concerning their biology and so hopefully, we will have at least some treatment to alleviate their problems.

 

ERB Events on Frenchman Mountain

THERE WAS AN ACTUAL STAR GATE EVENT HERE?

Yes.

WHAT HAPPENED?

We had some interpretive folks up here. They started doing remote viewing on the area. I requested they remote view the area for the original theory, the one before the biophotonic burst on May 31, 2001. They started getting unusual feelings about the area, that there was something located slightly to the east of where we are standing now. I asked them to define that. The remote viewers started coming up with drawings of the mountain, the small one that we nicknamed the ‘Conquistador’s Helmet,’ and were drawing U-shapes on pieces of paper. They became quite agitated and were not understanding their own feelings about it.
Frenchman Mountain - the white arrow points at a scalloped ridges nicknamed "Conquistador's Helmet" behind which Marcia McDowell, Dan Burisch and other investigators monitored and tried to use what was identified as a temporarily existing Einstein-Rosen Bridge (ERB) wormhole for communication with J-Rods and unsuccessful time travel experiments. Photograph © 2004 by Linda Moulton Howe.
Frenchman Mountain – the white arrow points at a scalloped ridges nicknamed “Conquistador’s Helmet” behind which Marcia McDowell, Dan Burisch and other investigators monitored and tried to use what was identified as a temporarily existing Einstein-Rosen Bridge (ERB) wormhole for communication with J-Rods and unsuccessful time travel experiments. Photograph © 2004 by Linda Moulton Howe.

I took a look at all the drawings and started doing what I do and that’s to connect the dots, to create geometric patterns. Finally, I decided to connect just the ends of the U shapes. We thought if there were U’s everywhere, maybe there was a uranium deposit here. But no. The area was in fact checked out to see if there was a uranium deposit here and there was not.

We started connecting the dots and when we connected the dots, we got a very interesting geometric pattern. That geometric pattern both related to work done by Dan Winter for the “Ophanic star gate,” as well as the Shri Yantra, the sacred mandala of creation. So at that point, I started asking questions: why would we have something relating to both structures in one geometric pattern?
Shri Yantra mandala.
Shri Yantra mandala.

[ Editor’s Note: From the permutations of Sri Yantra and the pentagon, especially in their primary relations to circle and square, we can derive the actual proportional series that govern the relationship of the notes with the musical scales (ragas and raginis) and the derivation of the secondary raginis from the primary ragas. This is the secret of Sri Yantra with its corresponding mantras.

Yantra and the musical modes of the raga system are inherently related through their mathematically-proportioned foundation. Just as the basic notes of each raga are harmonized so are the visible lines in each yantra. And just as the musical string must be plucked in a particular fashion to sound a certain note, so must the yantra line be mastered and mentally plucked to bring forth its image or power. Thus, the yantra diagram of apparently static lines will, with mental application, vibrate in perfect relation like a finely tuned musical instrument. ]

 

Time Anomalies Allegedly Caused by ERB on Frenchman Mountain

At that point, clocks were left around the Conquistador’s Helmet. Then we started noticing a great time disparity in the clocks. Once that happened, then a team moved in from the STAAR FLOWER unit.

WHAT WAS THE OPERATING MEDIA FOR THE CLOCKS?

They were digital as well as analogs left there.

WAS THERE EQUAL DISPARITY, WHETHER THEY WERE DIGITAL OR ANALOG?

It was equal disparity. In the areas where they were placed side-by-side – and I believe our team had them placed side-by-side – just to run a control over the type of machinery.

ANY IDEA OF THE PERCENTAGE OF DISCREPANCY?

No, I was not told that. In fact, the Star Gate issue here has been the least of my concerns. I’ve been coming here to run the biology and take a look at the geology and see how it related to the biology and try to extend the theory from the serendipitous occasion we had (biophotonic flash).

The remote viewers continued to work and ultimately, I was asked to walk into the area a couple of times because there were some events reported by spotters. There were also a couple negative events which occurred to a couple of the personnel out here. They were severely injured. Ultimately, the Operations Director took over the interpretations having to do with the ERB. It’s quieted down. I’m not even sure that it’s passing through the earth at this area any more.

THE EINSTEIN-ROSEN BRIDGE WORM HOLE YOU ARE REFERRING TO?

Yes.

DOES IT MOVE?

Yes, apparently we passed through some sort of ­ I would not hazard the physics, but some sort of ‘cord,’ if you will ­ if you can imagine a gelatinous sphere passing through a cord and the cord ran through the Earth at this location.

CORD?

When I think of a worm hole, I think of a rope. I think of a serpent rope. However, like I said, the one to interpret the material to the east of here is down there (Marcia A. McDowell.) It’s her ball game. I just did the biology work. What I tried to make sure and ultimately with her (Marcia) being assigned to the eastern area ­ did make sure that I would not be confusing the elements of the theory. Since the ERB was defined over there, the remote viewers began closely tying the events of the LOTUS to the ERB activity. From my point of view, that was a no-no because we were getting too many confounding variables into the equation. We needed to know step-by-step what science we were finding. It’s just too willy nilly for me over there (ERB location on Conquistador’s Helmet).

 

Connection Between ERB and Ganesh Particles?

I suspect that in every mote of dust there exist the probability of producing these (ganesh) particles ­ literally life springing the potential for life, the creativity is literally springing all around us in the dust. (“From dust to dust we come.” Bible)

Rob from England: HOW PHYSICAL IS THE VOLTAGES THAT ARE APPLIED IN YOUR GANESH PARTICLE RESEARCH?

The 16.47 to 16.96 millivolt range is critical for maximizing the number of ganesh particles being emitted per cubic millimeter.

WITH A DIFFERENT VOLTAGE, YOU COULD GET REDUCED EMISSIONS?

Yes.

I NOTICED THAT IN YOUR EARLIER EXPERIMENTS, BOTH OHM METER READINGS WERE TAKEN AS WELL AS CURRENT READINGS. AM I CORRECT?

Yes. The resistance, in fact, bottoms out and drops when ganesh particles are being emitted.

SO YOU ARE USING THAT AS AN INDICATION OF WHEN THE PARTICLES WERE ACTUALLY BEING EMITTED?

Yes. In fact, in most cases I would run a cinematography unit through the scope and not actually watch half the time. I’m just watching the instrumentation. When I know they are being emitted, I take a time on it and I run it back to the tape log at that point ­ run the clock back on it and see what we have. That way, it can be done on several trials at the same time where I don’t have to have one eye on this microscope and one eye on that one.

ANY IDEA HOW THAT OCCURRED NATURALLY?

I think we are just discovering something that has been going on all the time. We’re the new kids on the block.

GENERATING 17 …

Millivolts.

MILLIVOLTS ­ OH, YEAH, YOU COULD DO THAT.

It’s in an ambient range.”

 

Marcia A. McDowell and ERBs on Frenchman Mountain

Those hilly mounds up there are the outcropping, but we go around to the other side.

Linda Howe: ON THE OTHER SIDE WAS THE ERB STAR GATE?

Yes. That’s where we ended up having the transmission problems that day when it missed the target and everything blew up.

BECAUSE ENERGY CAME THROUGH FROM A WORMHOLE?

We were doing a test. Actually we were trying to test the communication equipment. We were testing our communication protocol.

THAT WOULD BE TO TEST FROM OUTER SPACE? OR BETWEEN YOU GUYS?

Well, we sent out and were expecting something back. What we got back missed the target slightly. We had a target set up. It was a silver plaque.

YOU WERE TRYING TO COMMUNICATE BETWEEN?

Between us here and them there.

BETWEEN US AND THE J-RODS?

Absolutely.

AND THIS IS THE COMMUNICATION AREA BECAUSE?

This had a natural ERB.

A WORMHOLE ACTUALLY HERE?

Yes, an actual worm hole here. So we were using it for a communications protocol.

TO SEE IF YOU COULD ESTABLISH LIKE WE WOULD A TELEPHONE LINE?

Yes.

AND IT WOULD STAY?

The thing is people were disappearing, so it was a very unstable one and was a little dangerous.

LITERALLY PEOPLE HAD DISAPPEARED?

Yes, literally.

IN THE PROGRAM WHO CAME OUT TO WORK ON THIS?

Yes. We lost personnel. (Two people)

THE DISAPPEARANCE IS THAT THEY ARE NOW GONE TO SOME OTHER PART OF THE GALAXY OR UNIVERSE?

Yes, they are gone! We have literally lost personnel.

SO WORMHOLES ARE NOT THE HYPOTHETICAL – THAT HAWKING, WHEELER AND KIP THORNE ­ THEY WRITE ABOUT THEM AS BEING ONLY THEORETICAL.

They are theoretical to them.

BUT NOT TO YOU AND J-RODS.

No, not to the J-RODS.

YOU WOULD NOT HAVE KNOWN ABOUT THE WORMHOLE ERB WITHOUT THE J-ROD?

I’m not sure if it is a chicken or egg situation or what. At first our people tried to manipulate it, but even I got burned in an experiment. Then we just started trying to use it as a communications protocol instead of trying to transport people.

The thing was, we simply could not get it stabilized. And when they sent the transmission through, it missed the target. It was supposed to hit the silver platter, plaque thing. Oh, boy, it missed and hit rocks to the side of it!

WHAT HAPPENED?

The rocks etched. Part of the platter etched with the message. Then the rocks from the sheer magnitude of the force exploded, fragments everywhere. We called them ‘bacon bits.’ We had to send a team in to try to recover them. The team freaked out. They said the only people who could go in and handle the damn stuff was Dan or me. So, we ended up having to physically come in here in the middle of the freaking night to try to recover pieces of the transmission. We came up in the middle of the night looking for pieces of the target that were damaged and fractured and faces of rocks that were fractured.

CAN OUR GOVERNMENT CONTROL ERBS NOW AT ALL?

I don’t think so. I think after the problem with personnel loss – I don’t think anyone is attempting to right now. I think they may have learned their lesson.

Dan Burisch: They are trying to control the equipment.

Marcia: Dan was begging them to stop.

Dan: Yeah, I was telling them to knock it off here. One of the reasons is that it was disrupting my sampling up here.

Linda: BECAUSE PEOPLE WERE DISAPPEARING?

Marcia: I think that was the ultimate problem that stopped them.

Dan: We’ve had a couple of disappearances and a couple of physical as well as psychiatric maimings.

LINDA: COULDN’T THE J-RODS AND THE BLONDS HELP FIGURE THAT OUT AND FIX IT?

Dan: I don’t know. I am only aware of the emotions that were pulled to me having to do with time travel. I’m not aware whether or not they could ameliorate the situation or not. I think that’s part of the problem that was engendered with the T-9 Treaty to get one faction (of J-Rods) to sign on so that they would not attempt to manipulate the governments of the world to continue trying to build these ERB “star gate” contraptions that would ultimately turn on, on their own when the Great 2012 Happening happens. Whatever it is.

Rob: The silver plate would have been positioned where?

Marcia: About where she (Linda Howe) is sitting now. A little further up actually, right on the flat section there.

Rob: Is there anything you can tell us about the deciphering of what bit was inscribed on the silver plate?

Marcia: I could, but I would be in a lot of trouble if I did.

Rob: Positive or negative information?

Marcia: Very positive, indeed, but it’s just that I can’t disclose any of the details. Anyway, this is where that happened.

 

Saddam Hussein in Iraq and ERB Machines

Linda: SO IS IT TRUE THAT SADDAM HUSSEIN HAD TWO ERBs HE KNEW HOW TO OPERATE – LEFT OVER FROM SUMERIA AND MESOPOTAMIA?

Marcia: No, that’s not my understanding of it at all.

Dan: Hussein et al accessed the plans to build the base device to the Djed pillar. The thing is when the actual Djed pillar is erected in 2012 – it’s not a physical erection ­ it is an electromagnetic erection.

(Editor’s Note: The Djed pillar was a roughly cruciform object with at least three cross bars, but almost always four, that became one of the most recognizable symbols in ancient Egypt. It was sometimes surmounted by a small capital (or perhaps more correctly, an abacus used to support the architrave), and often stands on a rectangular base. Some depictions of the pillar portray it with human arms holding the royal regalia. In representations and in other instances, such as amulets, the Djed pillar could be depicted as flat, but at other times it was produced as a fully round pillar. Egyptian scholars do not have a consensus about its meaning or function.)
Left: A Djed pillar in raise relief; Right: Djed pillar showing the rings of a papyrus column. Predynastic Period in Egypt: 5,500-3,100 B. C.
Top: A Djed pillar in raise relief; Bottom: Djed pillar showing the rings of a papyrus column. Predynastic Period in Egypt: 5,500-3,100 B. C.


When that happens, too many of these little items (ERB star gates), one too many would be enough to have too much energy – from what I understand – to the biosphere and geosphere. What he (Saddam Hussein) did from what I’ve been told ­ I was not there in his little evil Santa’s workshop or anything ­ but what he did is that he had the ERB information accessed and started building copies of these machines, selling some and handing others off to leaders in the Middle East so he could gain prestige as being a wider Islamic leader who knew Nebucanezzer II, as it were, and it was his (Saddam’s) hope that he would be able to gain access in 2012 to essentially the Son of God, Quetzacoatl, to come through the ‘fiery furnace’ once again as he allegedly did back in Sumerian times.

But we’re (U.S. government) getting them picked up (ERBs).

IS THAT THE MAIN REASON WE WENT INTO IRAQ?

That’s the main reason that I’m aware of.

RIGHT NOW, AS FAR AS YOU KNOW, THERE ARE NO MORE ERBS IN IRAQ?

As far as I’m aware, there are no machines there. If you’re talking about natural ERB points of star gates, that I don’t know. But the manmade equipment to access them, as far as I know, that’s all been taken down and removed by the United States.”
